android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ViewTransition = 0x7f1400ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ViewStubCompat = 0x7f1400ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/Variant = 0x7f1400a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/Tooltip = 0x7f1400a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/TextInputLayout = 0x7f1400a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/TextInputEditText = 0x7f1400a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/TextEffects = 0x7f14009f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/TabLayout = 0x7f14009d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/SwitchCompat = 0x7f14009a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/StateListDrawable = 0x7f140097
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/State = 0x7f140096
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ShapeAppearance = 0x7f14008c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f140089
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/RadialViewGroup = 0x7f140085
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/PopupWindowBackgroundState = 0x7f140083
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/PopupWindow = 0x7f140082
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/NavigationRailView = 0x7f14007d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/NavigationBarActiveIndicator = 0x7f14007b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/NavInclude = 0x7f14007a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/NavHostFragment = 0x7f140079
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/NavHost = 0x7f140078
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/NavGraphNavigator = 0x7f140077
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/NavArgument = 0x7f140075
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MotionTelltales = 0x7f140073
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MotionScene = 0x7f140072
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MotionLayout = 0x7f140071
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MotionHelper = 0x7f14006f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MotionEffect = 0x7f14006e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MenuView = 0x7f14006b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MenuItem = 0x7f14006a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MaterialToolbar = 0x7f140068
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MaterialShape = 0x7f140063
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MaterialSearchBar = 0x7f140062
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MaterialRadioButton = 0x7f140061
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MaterialCheckBoxStates = 0x7f14005f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MaterialCheckBox = 0x7f14005e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MaterialCardView = 0x7f14005d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MaterialButton = 0x7f140059
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MaterialAutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f140058
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ListPopupWindow = 0x7f140054
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat_Layout = 0x7f140052
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/Layout = 0x7f140050
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/KeyTimeCycle = 0x7f14004e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/KeyFrame = 0x7f14004a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ImageSlider = 0x7f140046
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ImageFilterView = 0x7f140045
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/GradientColorItem = 0x7f140043
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/GradientColor = 0x7f140042
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/FragmentNavigator = 0x7f140041
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/FragmentContainerView = 0x7f140040
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/Fragment = 0x7f14003f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ForegroundLinearLayout = 0x7f14003e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/FontFamilyFont = 0x7f14003d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/FlowLayout = 0x7f14003b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f140038
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f140037
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/DrawerLayout = 0x7f140036
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f140035
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/CustomAttribute = 0x7f140033
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ConstraintLayout_placeholder = 0x7f14002e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ConstraintLayout_ReactiveGuide = 0x7f14002d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ConstraintLayout_Layout = 0x7f14002c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/Constraint = 0x7f14002b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ColorStateListItem = 0x7f140029
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout = 0x7f140028
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout = 0x7f140027
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ClockFaceView = 0x7f140025
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/Chip = 0x7f140021
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/CheckedTextView = 0x7f140020
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/Carousel = 0x7f14001f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/CardView = 0x7f14001e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/BottomSheetBehavior_Layout = 0x7f14001b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/BottomNavigationView = 0x7f14001a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/BaseCircleIndicator = 0x7f140017
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/Badge = 0x7f140016
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/AppCompatTheme = 0x7f140015
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/AppCompatTextHelper = 0x7f140013
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/AppCompatSeekBar = 0x7f140012
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/AppCompatImageView = 0x7f140011
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/AppBarLayout_Layout = 0x7f14000f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/AppBarLayoutStates = 0x7f14000e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableItem = 0x7f14000b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/AlertDialog = 0x7f140009
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ActivityChooserView = 0x7f140005
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ActionMode = 0x7f140004
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ActionMenuItemView = 0x7f140002
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ActionBarLayout = 0x7f140001
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ActionBar = 0x7f140000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Support.CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f130422
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f130421
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f130420
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f13041e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar = 0x7f13041d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputLayout = 0x7f13041a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f130416
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Clock = 0x7f130415
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f130412
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f130410
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f13040e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f13040d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f13040b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/CoordinatorLayout_Layout = 0x7f140032
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f130409
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f130408
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f130407
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f130406
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/SwitchMaterial = 0x7f14009b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout = 0x7f130403
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.Divider = 0x7f130417
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.TextView = 0x7f130402
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.FullWidth = 0x7f130401
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ShapeableImageView = 0x7f1303fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ProgressIndicator = 0x7f1303fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1303fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1303fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f1303fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1303f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Compact = 0x7f1303f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Today = 0x7f1303f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthTextView = 0x7f1303ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection = 0x7f1303e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f1303e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f1303e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.DayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f1303e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Today = 0x7f1303df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f1303da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f1303d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1303d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon = 0x7f1303d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f1303d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1303d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1303d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.ExtraSmall = 0x7f1303ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ChipGroup = 0x7f1303cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Entry = 0x7f1303ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Choice = 0x7f1303c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Action = 0x7f1303c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CardView = 0x7f1303c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton.Icon = 0x7f1303c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f1303c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MaterialCalendar = 0x7f14005b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Icon = 0x7f1303c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Flush = 0x7f1303c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f1303bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton = 0x7f1303be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f1303bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.Icon = 0x7f1303bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f1303ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f1303b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1303b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f1303b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar = 0x7f1303b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1303af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1303ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Surface = 0x7f1303ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1303ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Primary = 0x7f1303aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionMode = 0x7f1303a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f1303a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1303a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Tooltip = 0x7f1303a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar.OnSurface = 0x7f1303a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar = 0x7f1303a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f13039e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f13039d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f13039b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f1303dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f13039a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f130398
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f130396
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout.Secondary = 0x7f130394
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout.OnSurface = 0x7f130393
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout = 0x7f130392
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f13038f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Slider = 0x7f13038e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f13038c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu = 0x7f13038a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationView = 0x7f130389
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.ImageButton = 0x7f130386
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputLayout = 0x7f130385
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.HelperText = 0x7f130383
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.Divider = 0x7f130382
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display = 0x7f130381
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Clock = 0x7f130380
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.YearNavigationButton = 0x7f13037b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Item = 0x7f130375
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f130374
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection.Fullscreen = 0x7f130372
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection = 0x7f130371
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout = 0x7f130370
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderDivider = 0x7f13036f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f13036d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.DayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f13036b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Invalid = 0x7f130368
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f130365
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Tertiary = 0x7f130361
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Surface = 0x7f130360
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Secondary = 0x7f13035f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f13035d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f13035c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Surface = 0x7f13035a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Primary = 0x7f130358
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f130355
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f130354
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Tertiary = 0x7f130353
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Surface = 0x7f130352
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Secondary = 0x7f130351
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.DrawerLayout = 0x7f13034f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f13034e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f13034b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar.Medium = 0x7f13034a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Small = 0x7f130347
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f130344
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Icon = 0x7f13033f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input = 0x7f13033d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Filter.Elevated = 0x7f13033c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Assist = 0x7f130339
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Filled = 0x7f130336
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Elevated = 0x7f130335
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f130334
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TonalButton.Icon = 0x7f130333
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TonalButton = 0x7f130332
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Icon = 0x7f13032f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f13032d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton = 0x7f13032c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Button.OutlinedButton.Icon = 0x7f13032b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f13032a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Outlined = 0x7f130329
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled.Tonal = 0x7f130328
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton = 0x7f130326
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f130321
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f13031e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f13031d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar.Legacy = 0x7f13031c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar = 0x7f13031a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Badge = 0x7f130319
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f130317
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f130315
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.AppBarLayout = 0x7f130314
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.ActionMode = 0x7f130313
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f130312
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Design.TextInputLayout = 0x7f130311
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Design.NavigationView = 0x7f13030c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f13034d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Design.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f13030b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Design.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f130309
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionContainer = 0x7f130305
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown = 0x7f1302fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f1302fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f1302fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f1302f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f1302f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f1302f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f1302eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f1302e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MotionLabel = 0x7f140070
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f1302e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1302e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1302e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1302e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1302e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton = 0x7f1302df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1302dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f1302dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1302db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1302d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1302d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f1302d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1302d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1302d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f1302d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1302d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1302d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f1302cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f1302cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1302ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/Capability = 0x7f14001d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f1302c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1302c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1302c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1302c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1302be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1302bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f1302bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f1302bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f1302ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1302b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f1302b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1302b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1302b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1302b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f1303c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f1302b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f1302ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text.Day = 0x7f1302ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f1302ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date = 0x7f1302aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f1302a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f1302a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1302a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f1302a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1302a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1302a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f1302a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark = 0x7f1302a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Surface = 0x7f13029e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Primary = 0x7f13029d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f13029c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f13029b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f13029a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar = 0x7f130295
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f13028f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f13028e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText = 0x7f13028d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f13028c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.NavigationView = 0x7f13028b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f13028a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f130288
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f130287
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f130284
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.HarmonizedColors.Empty = 0x7f130281
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f13027c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f13027b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f13027a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f130274
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f130273
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f130270
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Chip.Assist = 0x7f13026e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TextButton = 0x7f13026a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton = 0x7f130266
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button = 0x7f130265
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130264
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomAppBar.Legacy = 0x7f130263
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomAppBar = 0x7f130262
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f13025f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f13025e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f13025d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ActionBar = 0x7f13025c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f13025a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f130259
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f130257
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f130255
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f130251
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar = 0x7f13024f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f13024d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f13024c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f130249
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f130246
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f130244
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f130242
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f13023e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f13023c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1302c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f13023b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f130239
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f130238
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f130236
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f130235
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f130234
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f130233
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f13022e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f13022c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f13022a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Bridge = 0x7f130228
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130227
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight = 0x7f130226
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130223
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f130220
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Design.Snackbar = 0x7f13030e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f13021f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f13021d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f13021b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Light = 0x7f13021a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Dark = 0x7f130218
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Design.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f130308
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f130217
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f130216
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f130213
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130212
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f13020a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.HoysalaElectronics = 0x7f130209
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Design.NoActionBar = 0x7f130208
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Design.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f130207
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130204
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.NoActionBar = 0x7f130202
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f130200
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1301fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1301fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f1301fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1301fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.Empty = 0x7f1301fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1301f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1301f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1301f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f1301f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f1301ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1301ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Title = 0x7f1301e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f1301e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline3 = 0x7f1301e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline2 = 0x7f1301e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline1 = 0x7f1301df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f1301de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleSmall = 0x7f1301d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Title = 0x7f1301d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineSmall = 0x7f1301d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineLarge = 0x7f1301cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplaySmall = 0x7f1301ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplayMedium = 0x7f1301cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodySmall = 0x7f1301cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodyMedium = 0x7f1301ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Material3.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f1301c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleSmall = 0x7f1301c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleLarge = 0x7f1301c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelMedium = 0x7f1301c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineMedium = 0x7f1301bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineLarge = 0x7f1301be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplayMedium = 0x7f1301bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplayLarge = 0x7f1301bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Design.Tab = 0x7f1301b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Design.Snackbar.Message = 0x7f1301b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Design.Prefix = 0x7f1301b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Design.Error = 0x7f1301b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter = 0x7f1301ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Title.Media = 0x7f1301ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Title = 0x7f1301ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Time.Media = 0x7f1301aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Time = 0x7f1301a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Media = 0x7f1301a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Info.Media = 0x7f1301a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Info = 0x7f1301a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f1301a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f1301a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f13019f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f13019e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f13019b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f13019a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f130199
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f130195
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f130194
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification = 0x7f1301a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f130190
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f13018f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton = 0x7f13041b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f13018c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f130189
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f130188
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f130186
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f130185
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f130182
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f130181
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f130180
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f13017d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f13017c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f130178
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f130174
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f130173
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Window.Fullscreen = 0x7f130170
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f13016f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f13016e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Primary = 0x7f130350
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f13016d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f13016c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f1302ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialAlertDialog.Material3 = 0x7f13016a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.NavigationView.Item = 0x7f130169
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f130168
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Right = 0x7f130166
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Bottom = 0x7f130164
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/Navigator = 0x7f14007f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Chip = 0x7f130163
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f130161
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.SmallComponent = 0x7f130160
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.LargeComponent = 0x7f13015e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Tooltip = 0x7f13015c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.NavigationBarView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f13015a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/AppBarLayout = 0x7f14000d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.MediumComponent = 0x7f130159
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Small = 0x7f130157
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Large = 0x7f130154
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Full = 0x7f130153
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.ExtraLarge = 0x7f130151
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight.ActionBar = 0x7f130256
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Small = 0x7f130150
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.None = 0x7f13014f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Full = 0x7f13014c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.ExtraSmall = 0x7f13014b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.Track.Shape = 0x7f130149
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.StateLayer.Shape = 0x7f130148
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f130145
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f130144
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.MagIcon = 0x7f130143
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon2 = 0x7f130140
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown = 0x7f13013e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Title = 0x7f13013d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.SubmenuArrow = 0x7f13013b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Shortcut = 0x7f13013a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TitleItem = 0x7f130136
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Platform.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f130134
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f130131
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat = 0x7f130130
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Platform.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f130128
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Platform.AppCompat = 0x7f130127
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialSearchBarLight = 0x7f130126
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f130121
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f13011f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f13011e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f13011d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f1303b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Text = 0x7f130119
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Panel.CenterStacked = 0x7f130118
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Panel = 0x7f130117
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon.CenterStacked = 0x7f130116
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon = 0x7f130115
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Body.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f130114
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3 = 0x7f130112
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/CardView = 0x7f13010f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f13010a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f130109
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f130108
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f130107
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f130106
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f130104
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f13029f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f130102
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout.OnSurface = 0x7f1300ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.NavigationButton = 0x7f1300fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1300fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f1300f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1300f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f1300f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Chip = 0x7f1300f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CardView = 0x7f1300f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ActionMode = 0x7f1300ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f1300ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f1300ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1300eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f1300ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f1300e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f1300e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f1300e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f1300e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f1300e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f1300e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f1300e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f1300df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f1300de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f1300dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f1300db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f1300da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f1300d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1300d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f1300d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1300d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1300d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f1300d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1300d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1300cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f1300ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f1300cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle.Common = 0x7f1300ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f1300c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1300c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1300c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1300c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1300c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f13023f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f1300c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f1300c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1300c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f1300bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1300bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1300bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f1300bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1300b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1300b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1300b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1300b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V7.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1300af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1300ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f130183
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1300ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1300aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/BaseProgressIndicator = 0x7f140018
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1300a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V26.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1300a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1300a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1300a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f1300a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f13009c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f13009b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f13009a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f130096
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f130095
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f130094
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f130092
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f130090
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f13008a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f130086
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f130084
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f130083
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130082
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f130081
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f130080
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f13007e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f13007d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f13007b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f13007a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Centered = 0x7f1302a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText = 0x7f130078
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130076
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f130075
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f130074
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f130073
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f130070
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f13006c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f1302f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f130068
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f130065
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f130064
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f13005f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f13005e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f13005d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f13005b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f1302c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f13005a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130059
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f130057
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130056
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f130053
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f130051
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f130050
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1300be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f13004f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f13004e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f13004a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f130048
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f130047
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f130046
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f130045
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f130044
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f130043
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f130042
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f130041
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f13003f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1302c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f13003a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f130039
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f130038
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f130037
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f130034
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f130033
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f130030
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f13002f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f13002e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f13002b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline5 = 0x7f1301e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f130028
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f130027
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f130024
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f130023
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f130022
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f130021
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f130020
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f13001f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f13001c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f13001b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f130018
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f130015
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f130014
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f130012
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f130011
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f130010
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.DialogWindowTitleBackground.AppCompat = 0x7f13000f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f13000c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/AppTheme = 0x7f130007
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Animation.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130006
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ActivityRule = 0x7f140008
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Animation.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130005
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f130004
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f130003
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f130000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/transaction_history = 0x7f1200da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/submit = 0x7f1200d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/status_bar_notification_info_overflow = 0x7f1200d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/share_app = 0x7f1200d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/search_menu_title = 0x7f1200d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/retry = 0x7f1200d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/register = 0x7f1200d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/profile = 0x7f1200d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/path_password_eye = 0x7f1200cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/open_drawer = 0x7f1200c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/notifications = 0x7f1200c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/no_connection = 0x7f1200c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/navigation_drawer_close = 0x7f1200c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f1302d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/nav_header_title = 0x7f1200c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/nav_header_subtitle = 0x7f1200c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/nav_app_bar_open_drawer_description = 0x7f1200c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/nav_app_bar_navigate_up_description = 0x7f1200c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_timepicker_cancel = 0x7f1200bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_pressed = 0x7f1200b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_name = 0x7f1200b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_checked = 0x7f1200b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_group_name = 0x7f1200b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_year_selection = 0x7f1200b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_text_input_mode = 0x7f1200b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_day_selection = 0x7f1200b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_month_abbr = 0x7f1200af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_start_hint = 0x7f1200ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_hint = 0x7f1200ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_save = 0x7f1200aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f1302cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_title = 0x7f1200a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_start_selected = 0x7f1200a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_range = 0x7f1200a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_example = 0x7f1200a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Popup.Primary = 0x7f1302b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_day_of_week_column_header = 0x7f12009e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_unselected = 0x7f12009d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_title = 0x7f12009c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_confirm = 0x7f12009a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f130172
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_next_month = 0x7f120096
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_suffix = 0x7f120095
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_chip_close_icon_content_description = 0x7f120093
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_unchecked = 0x7f12008f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_name = 0x7f12008e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_indeterminate = 0x7f12008a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_checked = 0x7f120088
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/menu_slideshow = 0x7f120085
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/menu_home = 0x7f120084
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/material_timepicker_minute = 0x7f12007f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f130097
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/material_timepicker_hour = 0x7f12007e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/material_timepicker_am = 0x7f12007c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/material_slider_range_start = 0x7f12007b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/material_slider_range_end = 0x7f12007a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/material_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f120079
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/material_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f120077
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/material_motion_easing_decelerated = 0x7f120076
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/material_motion_easing_accelerated = 0x7f120075
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/material_minute_suffix = 0x7f120074
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/material_hour_selection = 0x7f120071
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/material_clock_toggle_content_description = 0x7f120070
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f1302f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f12006f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ThemeEnforcement = 0x7f1400a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate = 0x7f12006e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f12006c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate = 0x7f12006a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy = 0x7f120068
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_path_data = 0x7f120067
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate = 0x7f120066
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate = 0x7f120065
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/login_in_your_account = 0x7f120063
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/login = 0x7f120062
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/left = 0x7f120061
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/hoysala = 0x7f12005e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/home = 0x7f12005d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/hide_bottom_view_on_scroll_behavior = 0x7f12005c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/hello_blank_fragment = 0x7f12005b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/google_crash_reporting_api_key = 0x7f120059
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/google_app_id = 0x7f120058
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/gmail = 0x7f120056
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/gcm_defaultSenderId = 0x7f120055
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/forget_password = 0x7f120053
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/fallback_menu_item_open_in_browser = 0x7f120051
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/fab_transformation_sheet_behavior = 0x7f12004f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/exposed_dropdown_menu_content_description = 0x7f12004d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/existing_user = 0x7f12004c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/error_icon_content_description = 0x7f12004b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/error_a11y_label = 0x7f12004a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/enter_the_registered_email_address_or_phone_number = 0x7f120049
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/SplitPairFilter = 0x7f140093
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/enter_registered_email_or_phone_number = 0x7f120048
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/copy_toast_msg = 0x7f120043
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f130133
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/contact_number = 0x7f120042
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/confirm_password = 0x7f120041
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/common_signin_button_text_long = 0x7f120040
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/common_signin_button_text = 0x7f12003f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/common_open_on_phone = 0x7f12003e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/common_google_play_services_wear_update_text = 0x7f12003d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/common_google_play_services_update_title = 0x7f12003b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/common_google_play_services_unsupported_text = 0x7f120038
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/common_google_play_services_unknown_issue = 0x7f120037
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/common_google_play_services_notification_ticker = 0x7f120036
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/common_google_play_services_notification_channel_name = 0x7f120035
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/common_google_play_services_install_title = 0x7f120034
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/common_google_play_services_enable_title = 0x7f120031
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/common_google_play_services_enable_text = 0x7f120030
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/close_drawer = 0x7f12002e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/check_internet_connection = 0x7f12002c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/character_counter_content_description = 0x7f120029
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/categories = 0x7f120028
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/bottomsheet_action_expand = 0x7f120024
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/bottom_sheet_behavior = 0x7f120022
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/back_vector_path = 0x7f120021
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior = 0x7f120020
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/app_name = 0x7f12001f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application = 0x7f120019
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_searchview_description_submit = 0x7f120016
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_searchview_description_query = 0x7f120014
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_menu_sym_shortcut_label = 0x7f120010
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_menu_space_shortcut_label = 0x7f12000f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_menu_meta_shortcut_label = 0x7f12000d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_menu_enter_shortcut_label = 0x7f12000b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_menu_ctrl_shortcut_label = 0x7f120009
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_menu_alt_shortcut_label = 0x7f120008
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f13004b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_capital_off = 0x7f120006
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all = 0x7f120004
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_action_bar_home_description = 0x7f120000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:mipmap/ic_launcher_round = 0x7f0f0001
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:mipmap/ic_launcher = 0x7f0f0000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:menu/menu_cart = 0x7f0e0002
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:menu/items_menu = 0x7f0e0001
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_none_family = 0x7f0d004b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_large_family = 0x7f0d0049
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f130230
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/character_counter_pattern = 0x7f12002b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_full_family = 0x7f0d0048
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_sys_motion_path = 0x7f0d0045
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_sys_color_light_surface_tint = 0x7f0d0044
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_tint = 0x7f0d0043
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_ref_typeface_plain_medium = 0x7f0d0041
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_ref_typeface_brand_regular = 0x7f0d0040
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_track_color = 0x7f0d003d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_track_outline_color = 0x7f0d003c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d003a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_handle_color = 0x7f0d0038
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_track_outline_color = 0x7f0d0036
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_track_color = 0x7f0d0035
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0d0033
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_handle_color = 0x7f0d0031
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0d002d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_handle_color = 0x7f0d002c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_track_color = 0x7f0d002b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_track_color = 0x7f0d002a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0d0028
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_track_color = 0x7f0d0025
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0024
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0d0023
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_handle_color = 0x7f0d0021
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_track_color = 0x7f0d0020
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d001f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0d001e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_track_color = 0x7f0d001b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0d001a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_handle_color = 0x7f0d0019
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_track_color = 0x7f0d0018
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0d0017
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_handle_color = 0x7f0d0016
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/bottomsheet_drag_handle_clicked = 0x7f120026
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_fab_surface_icon_color = 0x7f0d0013
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_fab_secondary_icon_color = 0x7f0d0011
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_searchview_description_search = 0x7f120015
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_container_shape = 0x7f0d000f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_shape = 0x7f0d000c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_color = 0x7f0d000b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_tertiary_container_color = 0x7f0d0009
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_surface_icon_color = 0x7f0d0008
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_surface_container_color = 0x7f0d0007
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_color = 0x7f0d0001
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_color = 0x7f0d0000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/RecycleListView = 0x7f140087
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/vetical_view_items = 0x7f0c0096
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/single_product_single_row = 0x7f0c0094
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/select_dialog_multichoice_material = 0x7f0c0092
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/select_dialog_item_material = 0x7f0c0091
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/previous_button_layout = 0x7f0c008f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/pager_row = 0x7f0c008d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f130292
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/our_products_single_row = 0x7f0c008c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/notification_template_part_chronometer = 0x7f0c008a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/notification_template_media_custom = 0x7f0c0089
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/notification_template_media = 0x7f0c0088
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/notification_template_icon_group = 0x7f0c0086
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom = 0x7f0c0084
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/notification_template_big_media_custom = 0x7f0c0082
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/notification_template_big_media = 0x7f0c0081
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/notification_action_tombstone = 0x7f0c007e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/notification_action = 0x7f0c007d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/next_button_layout = 0x7f0c007c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f0c0079
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_picker_header_title_text = 0x7f0c0078
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f0c0077
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_picker_dialog = 0x7f0c0073
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_picker_actions = 0x7f0c0072
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_navigation_rail_item = 0x7f0c0071
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0c0070
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f0c006c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_labeled = 0x7f0c006a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_calendar_horizontal = 0x7f0c0068
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_calendar_day = 0x7f0c0065
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_auto_complete_simple_item = 0x7f0c0064
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_singlechoice = 0x7f0c0063
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_multichoice = 0x7f0c0062
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_title = 0x7f0c0060
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog = 0x7f0c005e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/material_timepicker_textinput_display = 0x7f0c005d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/material_timepicker_dialog = 0x7f0c005c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/material_timepicker = 0x7f0c005b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/material_time_input = 0x7f0c005a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/material_radial_view_group = 0x7f0c0057
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/material_clockface_view = 0x7f0c0056
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Design.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f13030a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/material_clock_period_toggle_land = 0x7f0c0054
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f0c0052
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/material_chip_input_combo = 0x7f0c0050
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/m3_alert_dialog_title = 0x7f0c004e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/m3_alert_dialog = 0x7f0c004c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/latest_collection = 0x7f0c004b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/item_carousel = 0x7f0c0049
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/image_slider = 0x7f0c0048
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/header_layout = 0x7f0c0046
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/fragment_user_account = 0x7f0c0045
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/fragment_notification = 0x7f0c0044
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/fragment_home = 0x7f0c0043
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/fragment_categories = 0x7f0c0042
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f130286
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/design_text_input_start_icon = 0x7f0c0040
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f130089
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/design_text_input_end_icon = 0x7f0c003f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/design_navigation_menu = 0x7f0c003d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/design_navigation_item_subheader = 0x7f0c003c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/design_navigation_item_separator = 0x7f0c003b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/design_navigation_item_header = 0x7f0c003a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f0c0038
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/design_layout_tab_text = 0x7f0c0037
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/design_layout_tab_icon = 0x7f0c0036
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/design_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0c0035
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/design_bottom_navigation_item = 0x7f0c0032
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/custom_dialog = 0x7f0c0031
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Icon = 0x7f130330
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/cart_acitvity_single_row = 0x7f0c002d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/browser_actions_context_menu_page = 0x7f0c002b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/activity_splash = 0x7f0c002a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/activity_product_detail = 0x7f0c0029
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/activity_place_order = 0x7f0c0028
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/activity_payment_method = 0x7f0c0027
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/activity_checkout_page = 0x7f0c001e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/activity_all_categories_acitvity = 0x7f0c001c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_select_dialog_material = 0x7f0c001a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line = 0x7f0c0018
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_screen_toolbar = 0x7f0c0017
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_screen_simple = 0x7f0c0015
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_list_menu_item_radio = 0x7f0c0011
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_list_menu_item_icon = 0x7f0c000f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_list_menu_item_checkbox = 0x7f0c000e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_cascading_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c000b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/bottomsheet_drag_handle_content_description = 0x7f120027
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_alert_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0c000a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item = 0x7f0c0007
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_action_mode_bar = 0x7f0c0004
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_action_menu_layout = 0x7f0c0003
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_action_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0002
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_action_bar_title_item = 0x7f0c0000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:interpolator/mtrl_linear_out_slow_in = 0x7f0b0011
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0b000f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/notification_media_action = 0x7f0c007f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_linear_in = 0x7f0b000e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate = 0x7f0b000c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Design.AppBarLayout = 0x7f130307
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f0b000b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f0b000a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:interpolator/fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0b0006
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1300cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:interpolator/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0005
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:interpolator/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0004
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0002
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0b0001
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_view_visible = 0x7f0a004f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_view_gone = 0x7f0a004d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f13008f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a004c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_switch_track_viewport_width = 0x7f0a004b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Design.Placeholder = 0x7f1301b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_viewport_size = 0x7f0a0049
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_pre_morphing_duration = 0x7f0a0046
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_post_morphing_duration = 0x7f0a0045
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon.CenterStacked = 0x7f130120
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_motion_duration = 0x7f0a0044
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.CheckedTextView = 0x7f130338
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f0a0043
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_card_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0a0041
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f1303b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_lines = 0x7f0a003f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_calendar_header_orientation = 0x7f0a003e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a003d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_badge_max_character_count = 0x7f0a003b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1301f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtb_from = 0x7f0a0039
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short1 = 0x7f0a002e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_prev_month = 0x7f120097
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium4 = 0x7f0a002d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ChipGroup = 0x7f140022
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_action_mode_close_item_material = 0x7f0c0005
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium3 = 0x7f0a002c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium2 = 0x7f0a002b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium1 = 0x7f0a002a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleMedium = 0x7f1301c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long4 = 0x7f0a0029
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long3 = 0x7f0a0028
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long2 = 0x7f0a0027
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long1 = 0x7f0a0026
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long3 = 0x7f0a0024
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long2 = 0x7f0a0023
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long1 = 0x7f0a0022
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_800 = 0x7f0a0020
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_700 = 0x7f0a001f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_600 = 0x7f0a001e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_500 = 0x7f0a001c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_350 = 0x7f0a0018
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_300 = 0x7f0a0017
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_250 = 0x7f0a0016
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_200 = 0x7f0a0015
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f0a0011
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a000e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0a000d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/icon_animation_duration = 0x7f0a000c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/google_play_services_version = 0x7f0a000a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/design_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a0009
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/design_snackbar_text_max_lines = 0x7f0a0008
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/config_tooltipAnimTime = 0x7f0a0007
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/config_navAnimTime = 0x7f0a0006
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/cancel_button_image_alpha = 0x7f0a0005
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/app_bar_elevation_anim_duration = 0x7f0a0002
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/abc_config_activityShortDur = 0x7f0a0001
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/abc_config_activityDefaultDur = 0x7f0a0000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/wrap_content_constrained = 0x7f0902a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/wrap_content = 0x7f0902a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f130062
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/wrap = 0x7f0902a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/withinBounds = 0x7f0902a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/withText = 0x7f0902a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/item_view_role_description = 0x7f120060
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/wishlist_next = 0x7f0902a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/wide = 0x7f0902a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/west = 0x7f09029f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/visible_removing_fragment_view_tag = 0x7f09029e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/view_tree_view_model_store_owner = 0x7f09029c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/view_tree_saved_state_registry_owner = 0x7f09029b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/view_tree_lifecycle_owner = 0x7f090299
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/view_transition = 0x7f090298
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/view_top_shadow = 0x7f090297
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/view_pager = 0x7f090296
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/view_bottom_shadow = 0x7f090294
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/view = 0x7f090293
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/vertical = 0x7f090291
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleLarge = 0x7f1301d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1300ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/venue = 0x7f090290
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/up = 0x7f09028e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/unlabeled = 0x7f09028d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/uniform = 0x7f09028c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/unchecked = 0x7f09028b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/txtSignUpwithGo = 0x7f09028a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/txtSignUpwithFa = 0x7f090289
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/txtPassword = 0x7f090288
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/txtEmail = 0x7f090285
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/tv_payment_options = 0x7f090283
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/tv_login = 0x7f090281
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/tv_caption = 0x7f09027e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/triangle = 0x7f09027d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/transition_transform = 0x7f09027c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/transition_layout_save = 0x7f090279
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/transitionToStart = 0x7f090277
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/touch_outside = 0x7f090275
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/topPanel = 0x7f090273
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/top = 0x7f090272
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/toggle = 0x7f09026f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/title_template = 0x7f09026e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/titleDividerNoCustom = 0x7f09026d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/title = 0x7f09026c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/time = 0x7f09026b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/textinput_suffix_text = 0x7f090269
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/textinput_prefix_text = 0x7f090268
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_menu_delete_shortcut_label = 0x7f12000a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/textinput_placeholder = 0x7f090267
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/textinput_error = 0x7f090265
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/textinput_counter = 0x7f090264
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/text_view = 0x7f090263
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/text_or = 0x7f090261
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/text_input_start_icon = 0x7f090260
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/text_input_error_icon = 0x7f09025f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short2 = 0x7f0a002f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/text_input_end_icon = 0x7f09025e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/textView1 = 0x7f09025d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/textView = 0x7f09025c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/textTop = 0x7f09025b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/textStart = 0x7f09025a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/textSpacerNoButtons = 0x7f090258
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/textEnd = 0x7f090257
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/text2 = 0x7f090255
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/text1 = 0x7f090254
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/text = 0x7f090253
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/tag_window_insets_animation_callback = 0x7f090252
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/tag_unhandled_key_listeners = 0x7f090251
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/tag_unhandled_key_event_manager = 0x7f090250
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/tag_state_description = 0x7f09024e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/notification_template_custom_big = 0x7f0c0085
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/tag_on_receive_content_mime_types = 0x7f09024c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/tag_on_receive_content_listener = 0x7f09024b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/tag_on_apply_window_listener = 0x7f09024a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/tag_accessibility_heading = 0x7f090248
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/tag_accessibility_clickable_spans = 0x7f090247
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/tag_accessibility_actions = 0x7f090246
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/tabMode = 0x7f090245
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/searchbar = 0x7f0c0090
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/success = 0x7f090243
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/submit_area = 0x7f090242
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/stretch = 0x7f09023f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/stop = 0x7f09023e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/status_bar_latest_event_content = 0x7f09023d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/staticLayout = 0x7f09023b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/startVertical = 0x7f09023a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/startHorizontal = 0x7f090238
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/standard = 0x7f090236
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/src_over = 0x7f090235
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/src_in = 0x7f090234
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_action_mode_done = 0x7f120003
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/square = 0x7f090232
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/spread_inside = 0x7f090230
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/spline = 0x7f09022d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/splash_screen = 0x7f09022c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/special_effects_controller_view_tag = 0x7f09022b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/south = 0x7f090229
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/snapMargins = 0x7f090228
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/snackbar_action = 0x7f090225
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/sliding_pane_layout = 0x7f090224
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/slide = 0x7f090222
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/showTitle = 0x7f09021e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/showHome = 0x7f09021d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/showCustom = 0x7f09021c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/shortcut = 0x7f09021b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/shipping_add = 0x7f09021a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/sharedValueUnset = 0x7f090219
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/sharedValueSet = 0x7f090218
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/share = 0x7f090217
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/select_dialog_listview = 0x7f090214
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/search_src_text = 0x7f090212
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/search_close_btn = 0x7f09020d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/search_button = 0x7f09020c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/search_bar = 0x7f09020b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/search_badge = 0x7f09020a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/scrollable = 0x7f090209
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f130357
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/scrollIndicatorUp = 0x7f090207
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/scrollIndicatorDown = 0x7f090206
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f130001
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/scroll = 0x7f090205
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/scale = 0x7f090203
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/save_overlay_view = 0x7f090201
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/save_non_transition_alpha = 0x7f090200
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/rl_payment = 0x7f0901fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/rl_newuser = 0x7f0901fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/right_side = 0x7f0901f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_end_selected = 0x7f1200a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/right_icon = 0x7f0901f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/right = 0x7f0901f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/retry_button = 0x7f0901f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Light = 0x7f130282
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/design_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0c0034
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/relativeLayout = 0x7f0901f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/relativeLay = 0x7f0901f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/relative2 = 0x7f0901ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/reg_pass = 0x7f0901ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/ratio = 0x7f0901e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/quantity = 0x7f0901e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f140024
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/progress_horizontal = 0x7f0901e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/progress_circular = 0x7f0901e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/profile = 0x7f0901e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/product_price = 0x7f0901e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/product_name = 0x7f0901e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/product_image = 0x7f0901e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/pro_des = 0x7f0901df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/price = 0x7f0901dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/previous_button_container = 0x7f0901dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/pressed = 0x7f0901db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/plus_button = 0x7f0901d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/placed = 0x7f0901d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/place_order = 0x7f0901d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/pin = 0x7f0901d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/percent = 0x7f0901d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/peekHeight = 0x7f0901d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/payment_toolbar = 0x7f0901d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/password_toggle = 0x7f0901cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/parentRelative = 0x7f0901cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/parent = 0x7f0901c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/parallax = 0x7f0901c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/pager_dots = 0x7f0901c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/packed = 0x7f0901c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_207pxv = 0x7f0701cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/overshoot = 0x7f0901c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_assist_chip_stroke_color = 0x7f060080
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/otp4 = 0x7f0901c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/otp3 = 0x7f0901c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/bar = 0x7f09006b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/otp1 = 0x7f0901bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_722pxv = 0x7f070880
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/otp = 0x7f0901be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/common_google_play_services_install_button = 0x7f120032
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/on = 0x7f0901b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/fragment_open_enter = 0x7f020009
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/off = 0x7f0901b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_handle_opacity = 0x7f070c3c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/notifications = 0x7f0901b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/notification = 0x7f0901b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/total_amount = 0x7f090274
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/noState = 0x7f0901ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_380pxh = 0x7f07040b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/navigation_bar_item_large_label_view = 0x7f0901a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.CardView = 0x7f13000d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/navigation_bar_item_labels_group = 0x7f0901a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_handle_color = 0x7f0d001d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/navigation_bar_item_active_indicator_view = 0x7f0901a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_579sp = 0x7f0706a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_161sp = 0x7f070134
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/nav_controller_view_tag = 0x7f09019e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceHeadline6 = 0x7f04047b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/my_wishlist = 0x7f09019d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f13012e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/my_order_text = 0x7f09019c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_view_tag_bottom_padding = 0x7f09019a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_indeterminate = 0x7f080105
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_start = 0x7f090198
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_end = 0x7f090197
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_790sp = 0x7f070962
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_408pxv = 0x7f070469
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_fab_border_width = 0x7f070baa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f090196
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_picker_header_title_and_selection = 0x7f090194
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_268sp = 0x7f070296
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_206pxv = 0x7f0701c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f090193
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_482pxv = 0x7f07055f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_99sp = 0x7f070b34
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_picker_header = 0x7f090192
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f090191
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070b5f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_motion_snapshot_view = 0x7f090190
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_27pxv = 0x7f0702bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1007pxv = 0x7f070007
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_card_checked_layer_id = 0x7f09018d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_824pxh = 0x7f0709d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_frame = 0x7f09018c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_calendar_text_input_frame = 0x7f09018b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_calendar_selection_frame = 0x7f09018a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mt_placeholder = 0x7f090181
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_155pxh = 0x7f07011d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/async = 0x7f090065
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mt_nav = 0x7f090180
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mt_divider = 0x7f09017d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mt_arrow = 0x7f09017a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_367pxv = 0x7f0703df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/month_title = 0x7f090178
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_146pxh = 0x7f0700ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/month_navigation_fragment_toggle = 0x7f090175
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f0401be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/outline = 0x7f0901c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/month_grid = 0x7f090173
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_184pxv = 0x7f07017e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mini = 0x7f090171
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/message = 0x7f09016f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/media_actions = 0x7f09016e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/matrix = 0x7f09016d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_846sp = 0x7f070a1c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/material_value_index = 0x7f09016c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_163pxh = 0x7f070138
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/material_timepicker_ok_button = 0x7f09016a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/material_timepicker_container = 0x7f090168
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f090166
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/material_hour_tv = 0x7f090162
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/FloatingActionButton = 0x7f140039
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/italic = 0x7f090138
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/material_hour_text_input = 0x7f090161
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/material_clock_face = 0x7f09015c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/match_parent = 0x7f09015a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/marquee = 0x7f090157
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/logout_button = 0x7f090155
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/linear = 0x7f09014d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_447pxh = 0x7f0704e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/line1 = 0x7f09014a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/layout_relative = 0x7f090144
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/langRecyclerView = 0x7f090140
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/fab_transformation_scrim_behavior = 0x7f12004e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/jumpToEnd = 0x7f09013d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_314pxv = 0x7f070331
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/invisible = 0x7f090136
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_712sp = 0x7f070860
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/internet_layout = 0x7f090135
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/indeterminate = 0x7f090131
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/immediateStop = 0x7f09012f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/img = 0x7f09012e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/imageView = 0x7f09012c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/imageGoogle = 0x7f09012b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/activity_login = 0x7f0c0022
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_64pxv = 0x7f07078d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/imageButton = 0x7f090129
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/image = 0x7f090128
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout = 0x7f1300fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/ifRoom = 0x7f090124
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/icon_group = 0x7f090122
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/icon = 0x7f090121
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionBarSplitStyle = 0x7f040007
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_primary_text_material_dark = 0x7f06000b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_search_url_text = 0x7f06000d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/horizontal = 0x7f09011f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_200pxv = 0x7f0701b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_268pxh = 0x7f070294
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/honorRequest = 0x7f09011e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f14005a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/home_icon = 0x7f09011d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/homeAsUp = 0x7f09011c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/light_font = 0x7f06007d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tooltipFrameBackground = 0x7f0404d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/home = 0x7f09011b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/hideable = 0x7f09011a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/transition_current_scene = 0x7f090278
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/header_title = 0x7f090119
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_59pxv = 0x7f0706e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/group_divider = 0x7f090115
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_878pxv = 0x7f070a84
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/gone = 0x7f090112
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chainUseRtl = 0x7f0400af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/month_navigation_bar = 0x7f090174
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f060119
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/ghost_view_holder = 0x7f090110
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_22sp = 0x7f070218
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/fullscreen_header = 0x7f09010e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_353pxh = 0x7f0703b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_height = 0x7f070c27
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb = 0x7f080119
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/fixed = 0x7f090107
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialAlertDialog.Centered = 0x7f130285
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/fill_vertical = 0x7f090100
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_normal_background = 0x7f08009b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/fade = 0x7f0900fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_431pxh = 0x7f0704b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/exitUntilCollapsed = 0x7f0900fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/end = 0x7f0900f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/dropdown_menu = 0x7f0900ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_756sp = 0x7f0708f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/drawer = 0x7f0900eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/titleTextStyle = 0x7f0404d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_blue_grey_800 = 0x7f0601c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/dragStart = 0x7f0900e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/disjoint = 0x7f0900e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/image_carousel = 0x7f0c0047
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_643sp = 0x7f070779
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_dialog_background = 0x7f08010c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/material_ic_clear_black_24dp = 0x7f0800f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/disableScroll = 0x7f0900e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/CircleImageView = 0x7f140023
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/disablePostScroll = 0x7f0900e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/disableHome = 0x7f0900de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/dimensions = 0x7f0900dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/dialog_button = 0x7f0900db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f13004c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/fade_in_right = 0x7f01001d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/design_menu_item_text = 0x7f0900d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/multiply = 0x7f09019b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_199sp = 0x7f0701af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_123sp = 0x7f0700b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f0900d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Text = 0x7f13013c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/subMenuArrow = 0x7f040437
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/design_bottom_sheet = 0x7f0900d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabMode = 0x7f040459
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/description = 0x7f0900d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/des_pro_name = 0x7f0900d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/previousButtonLayout = 0x7f0403b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/dependency_ordering = 0x7f0900d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f1303f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_605pxh = 0x7f0706f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/deltaRelative = 0x7f0900d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f070cf5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_outlineVariant = 0x7f06023f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/deleteImage = 0x7f0900ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_surface = 0x7f0601a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_451sp = 0x7f0704fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/decelerate = 0x7f0900ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/date_picker_actions = 0x7f0900c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/featured_product_single_row = 0x7f0c0041
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/ghost_view = 0x7f09010f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/dark = 0x7f0900c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionText = 0x7f130306
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/cut = 0x7f0900c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f13002a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/custom = 0x7f0900c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/create_account = 0x7f0900c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/content = 0x7f0900b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/confirm_order_toolbar = 0x7f0900b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f130278
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/compress = 0x7f0900b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Tertiary = 0x7f13035b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/clockwise = 0x7f0900b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/clip_vertical = 0x7f0900af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_focused = 0x7f070d84
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/childTitleTv = 0x7f0900aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/SearchView = 0x7f14008b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/checkbox = 0x7f0900a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/chains = 0x7f0900a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/center_vertical = 0x7f0900a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_239sp = 0x7f070236
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_674pxh = 0x7f0707dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/centerCrop = 0x7f09009d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/titleTextColor = 0x7f0404ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/cb_cash = 0x7f090099
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/recyclerView = 0x7f0901eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/currentState = 0x7f0900c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/category_image = 0x7f090095
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_on_surface_ripple_color = 0x7f06028c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/category = 0x7f090094
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/categories_name = 0x7f090093
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/cart_toolbar = 0x7f090091
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/cart_image = 0x7f09008c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_min_width = 0x7f070b9c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/cancel_button = 0x7f090087
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/browser_actions_context_menu_min_padding = 0x7f070b8b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/cancel_action = 0x7f090086
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/callMeasure = 0x7f090085
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f130253
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/cache_measures = 0x7f090084
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/btn_login = 0x7f09007e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/browser_actions_menu_items = 0x7f09007b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_304sp = 0x7f070311
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/browser_actions_menu_item_text = 0x7f09007a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/browser_actions_menu_item_icon = 0x7f090079
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/bounceStart = 0x7f090077
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/bounceBoth = 0x7f090075
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f130298
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_269sp = 0x7f070299
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/bottom_navigation = 0x7f090073
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/bottom = 0x7f090072
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/blocking = 0x7f090071
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/autoCompleteToEnd = 0x7f090068
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_653sp = 0x7f07079a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/auto = 0x7f090066
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_758pxh = 0x7f0708f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/arc = 0x7f090063
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_shape = 0x7f0d0002
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_71sp = 0x7f070878
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/app_bar = 0x7f090062
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/anticipate = 0x7f090060
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/animateToEnd = 0x7f09005d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/all_pro_relative_lay = 0x7f09005a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/constraint_referenced_ids = 0x7f040131
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/singleLine = 0x7f04040b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/simpleItemSelectedColor = 0x7f040407
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/all_category_recyler = 0x7f090059
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/all = 0x7f090056
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_action_bar_up_container = 0x7f0c0001
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/adjust_height = 0x7f090052
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_surface = 0x7f06016d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/action_mode_bar_stub = 0x7f09004a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_826pxh = 0x7f0709d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/action_menu_divider = 0x7f090047
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textureBlurFactor = 0x7f0404a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f090189
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/action_bar_subtitle = 0x7f090041
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_127pxv = 0x7f0700c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_ripple_selectable_pressed_alpha = 0x7f070c70
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/action_bar_spinner = 0x7f090040
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min = 0x7f070ba9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/action_bar = 0x7f09003c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_8 = 0x7f090035
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_7 = 0x7f090034
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.DayNight = 0x7f130276
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_29 = 0x7f09002d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_26 = 0x7f09002a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/action_settings = 0x7f12001d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_23 = 0x7f090027
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/maxHeight = 0x7f040307
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_21 = 0x7f090025
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_20 = 0x7f090024
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_onPrimary = 0x7f060236
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_18 = 0x7f090021
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_16 = 0x7f09001f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_311sp = 0x7f070329
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_420sp = 0x7f070494
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_15 = 0x7f09001e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_11 = 0x7f09001a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Invalid = 0x7f1303dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_0 = 0x7f090017
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_action_clickable_span = 0x7f090016
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/accent_material_light = 0x7f06001a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accelerate = 0x7f090015
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/dialogPreferredPadding = 0x7f040174
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/SYM = 0x7f09000f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/cross_icon = 0x7f08009e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_19 = 0x7f090022
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout = 0x7f14008a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f130250
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/META = 0x7f090007
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/FUNCTION = 0x7f090006
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/CTRL = 0x7f090005
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/BOTTOM_START = 0x7f090003
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/BOTTOM_END = 0x7f090002
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/categories = 0x7f0c002e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/ALT = 0x7f090000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_6pxv = 0x7f070835
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_848pxv = 0x7f070a21
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_106pxh = 0x7f070058
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/icon_only = 0x7f090123
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_723pxh = 0x7f070882
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/xml = 0x7f08014f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/white_radius = 0x7f08014e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/test_level_drawable = 0x7f080149
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/splash = 0x7f080147
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/search_bar = 0x7f080146
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/robot = 0x7f080142
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_onTertiary = 0x7f06025a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/r = 0x7f08013f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/plus_button = 0x7f08013c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/notify_panel_notification_icon_bg = 0x7f080136
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/sawtooth = 0x7f090202
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/closest = 0x7f0900b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/items_image = 0x7f09013a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/notification_template_icon_bg = 0x7f080133
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/notification_bg_normal_pressed = 0x7f080131
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/notification_bg_low_normal = 0x7f08012e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_596pxv = 0x7f0706d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_91pxh = 0x7f070aca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/notification_action_background = 0x7f08012b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_inverseOnSurface = 0x7f06024e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_104sp = 0x7f070040
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/no_connection = 0x7f080128
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/navigation_empty_icon = 0x7f080126
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_to_checked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f08007d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_switch_track_decoration = 0x7f080124
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_pressed = 0x7f080122
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked = 0x7f080121
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1300f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked = 0x7f080120
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_unchecked = 0x7f08011f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/notification_media_narrow_margin = 0x7f070d97
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_checked = 0x7f08011e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked = 0x7f08011c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked = 0x7f08011a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_ic_indeterminate = 0x7f080115
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_ic_checkbox_checked = 0x7f080112
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_ic_cancel = 0x7f080110
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/nav_header_desc = 0x7f1200c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_dropdown_arrow = 0x7f08010d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f0601e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate = 0x7f08010a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_326sp = 0x7f070359
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_ic_error = 0x7f080114
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/TabItem = 0x7f14009c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked = 0x7f080109
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton.Icon = 0x7f130324
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/drawableTintMode = 0x7f04018a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_567pxv = 0x7f070679
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_checked = 0x7f080107
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_hint = 0x7f040355
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_169sp = 0x7f07014c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked = 0x7f080103
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_background = 0x7f06016a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarMenuIconTintColor = 0x7f0602bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_down_black_24dp = 0x7f0800fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_next_black_24dp = 0x7f0800fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1025pxv = 0x7f07001f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_552sp = 0x7f07064a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mark_ok_success_tick = 0x7f0800f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/m3_tabs_transparent_background = 0x7f0800f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/m3_tabs_background = 0x7f0800f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_804pxv = 0x7f070991
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/m3_radiobutton_ripple = 0x7f0800ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/m3_appbar_background = 0x7f0800ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/led = 0x7f0800ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/kotlin = 0x7f0800e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/java = 0x7f0800e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/iot = 0x7f0800e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/img_google = 0x7f0800e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/img_1 = 0x7f0800de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f0800dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_75pxh = 0x7f0708fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/category_recycler = 0x7f090097
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_black = 0x7f0800db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_mtrl_checked_circle = 0x7f0800da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_padding_right = 0x7f070c0d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_menu_vector = 0x7f0800d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_menu_animated = 0x7f0800d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/passwordToggleTint = 0x7f040399
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_m3_chip_close = 0x7f0800d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/KeyPosition = 0x7f14004d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/circularflow_viewCenter = 0x7f0400e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_fab_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f0600a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f070c88
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_m3_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f0800d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_launcher_foreground = 0x7f0800d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/dropDownListViewStyle = 0x7f04018f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_launcher_background = 0x7f0800d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_history_black_48dp = 0x7f0800cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_clock_black_24dp = 0x7f0800ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ConstraintOverride = 0x7f14002f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_633pxv = 0x7f070757
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_chevron_right = 0x7f0800c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_371sp = 0x7f0703ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_background = 0x7f080116
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_arrow_left_black_48dp = 0x7f0800c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/frame = 0x7f09010c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_action_person = 0x7f0800c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_963pxv = 0x7f070b04
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_action_notification = 0x7f0800bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_action_catergories = 0x7f0800b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/hide_password = 0x7f0800b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionBarStyle = 0x7f040008
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/gradient = 0x7f0800b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/googleg_standard_color_18 = 0x7f0800b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_564pxh = 0x7f07066f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/google_rectangle = 0x7f0800b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_background = 0x7f060184
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/front_end = 0x7f0800ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/error = 0x7f0800ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/developer = 0x7f0800aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1303d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_760pxh = 0x7f0708fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/design_snackbar_background = 0x7f0800a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/design_password_eye = 0x7f0800a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_36sp = 0x7f0703e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/default_selected_dot = 0x7f0800a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/custom_checkbox = 0x7f0800a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_tab_max_width = 0x7f070bc5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/console = 0x7f08009c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_normal = 0x7f08009a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_tertiary70 = 0x7f060208
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_556pxh = 0x7f070654
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused = 0x7f080099
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MaterialDivider = 0x7f140060
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_light = 0x7f080098
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_normal_background = 0x7f080096
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_186pxv = 0x7f070184
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused = 0x7f080094
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/popExitAnim = 0x7f0403aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_normal_background = 0x7f080092
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light = 0x7f08008f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_normal = 0x7f08008c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_498sp = 0x7f070593
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_642pxv = 0x7f070775
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark = 0x7f08008a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/common_full_open_on_phone = 0x7f080089
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/autoSizeMaxTextSize = 0x7f040041
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/autoTransition = 0x7f040046
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/chenge_background = 0x7f080088
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mt_clear = 0x7f09017b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/checked_png = 0x7f080087
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_badge_numberless_content_description = 0x7f120087
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_24pxv = 0x7f070259
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/checked = 0x7f080086
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodyLarge = 0x7f1301c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_220pxv = 0x7f0701f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_tertiary = 0x7f060194
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/c = 0x7f080083
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_selected = 0x7f12009b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_470pxh = 0x7f070537
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/btn_radio_off_mtrl = 0x7f08007e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl = 0x7f08007c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f130252
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/bottom_top_shadow = 0x7f080079
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/android = 0x7f080074
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/avd_hide_password = 0x7f080075
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mock_showLabel = 0x7f04031c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/all_items = 0x7f080073
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ai = 0x7f080072
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1303b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_51pxh = 0x7f0705dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_vector_test = 0x7f080071
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_textfield_search_material = 0x7f080070
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08006e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_dark = 0x7f0602d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl = 0x7f080069
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080065
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material = 0x7f08005e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_ratingbar_small_material = 0x7f080057
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_848sp = 0x7f070a22
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_ratingbar_material = 0x7f080056
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/popupMenuStyle = 0x7f0403af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_ratingbar_indicator_material = 0x7f080055
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08006c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult = 0x7f080053
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_light = 0x7f080052
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_dark = 0x7f080051
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_275pxh = 0x7f0702ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_list_focused_holo = 0x7f080049
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_list_divider_material = 0x7f080047
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_749pxv = 0x7f0708d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_ic_voice_search_api_material = 0x7f080044
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0c000c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080042
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/secondary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f0602ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_ic_menu_overflow_material = 0x7f08003f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f13021c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/topShadowAlpha = 0x7f0404db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_847pxh = 0x7f070a1d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f08003d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_ic_clear_material = 0x7f08003a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_hint_foreground = 0x7f0600aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp = 0x7f080039
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f060299
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_edit_text_material = 0x7f080037
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/trackTintMode = 0x7f0404ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_dialog_material_background = 0x7f080036
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_control_background_material = 0x7f080035
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_85pxh = 0x7f070a47
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_cab_background_internal_bg = 0x7f080032
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title = 0x7f070b59
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012 = 0x7f080031
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_53pxv = 0x7f07061f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material_anim = 0x7f08002d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_btn_check_material_anim = 0x7f080027
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_btn_borderless_material = 0x7f080025
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Suggestion.Elevated = 0x7f130342
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_action_bar_item_background_material = 0x7f080024
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f130405
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_ic_checkbox_unchecked = 0x7f080113
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080023
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_pressed__0 = 0x7f080022
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_checked__0 = 0x7f08001e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_72pxv = 0x7f070898
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f08001c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_473pxh = 0x7f070540
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_599sp = 0x7f0706e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f080019
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f080018
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__2 = 0x7f080017
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__0 = 0x7f080015
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_318pxh = 0x7f07033c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__2 = 0x7f080011
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/radio = 0x7f0901e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__0 = 0x7f08000f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/outward = 0x7f0901c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/constraintSetStart = 0x7f040130
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_checked__0 = 0x7f08000e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_pre_l_text_clip_padding = 0x7f070d15
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__2 = 0x7f08000d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f08000c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f08000b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__2 = 0x7f080009
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$avd_show_password__2 = 0x7f080005
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0d0026
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$avd_hide_password__2 = 0x7f080002
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$avd_hide_password__1 = 0x7f080001
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_670sp = 0x7f0707d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$avd_hide_password__0 = 0x7f080000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/tooltip_vertical_padding = 0x7f070da9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_650pxh = 0x7f07078f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold = 0x7f070da8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/tooltip_margin = 0x7f070da6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/tooltip_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070da5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/tooltip_corner_radius = 0x7f070da4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_991pxv = 0x7f070b29
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/subtitle_shadow_offset = 0x7f070da2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/subtitle_corner_radius = 0x7f070da0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_733pxv = 0x7f0708a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/sliding_pane_detail_pane_width = 0x7f070d9f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/no_wifi_connection = 0x7f04037e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/notification_top_pad_large_text = 0x7f070d9e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.Light = 0x7f130277
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_219pxh = 0x7f0701f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/notification_small_icon_size_as_large = 0x7f070d9b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/notification_small_icon_background_padding = 0x7f070d9a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/notification_content_margin_start = 0x7f070d93
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/notification_big_circle_margin = 0x7f070d92
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingEnd = 0x7f0402cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minHeight = 0x7f070d8c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_cornerSize = 0x7f070d8b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_toolbar_default_height = 0x7f070d89
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_textinput_outline_box_expanded_padding = 0x7f070d87
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/material_motion_duration_medium_2 = 0x7f0a0035
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_textinput_counter_margin_start = 0x7f070d85
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_739pxh = 0x7f0708b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height = 0x7f070d08
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/material_ic_edit_black_24dp = 0x7f0800f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_label_cutout_padding = 0x7f070d82
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_small = 0x7f070d81
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodySmall = 0x7f1301ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f130060
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_ic_search_api_material = 0x7f080043
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_switch_track_width = 0x7f070d7f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_switch_track_height = 0x7f070d7e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_size = 0x7f070d7d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_621sp = 0x7f070731
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_switch_text_padding = 0x7f070d7b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/bottomShadowHeight = 0x7f040071
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_message_margin_horizontal = 0x7f070d79
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_overlay_color_alpha = 0x7f070d77
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f070d75
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_onPrimaryContainer = 0x7f060237
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_side_padding = 0x7f070d73
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_square_side = 0x7f070d6f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_radius = 0x7f070d6e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_timepicker_button_stroke = 0x7f060229
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_padding = 0x7f070d6d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_medium = 0x7f070d65
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_primary60 = 0x7f060127
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_extra_small = 0x7f070d64
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_extra_small = 0x7f070d61
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size = 0x7f070d60
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_small = 0x7f070d5e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_default_width = 0x7f070d54
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_active_text_size = 0x7f070d52
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_351pxv = 0x7f0703ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/design_fab_background = 0x7f0800a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_horizontal_margin = 0x7f070d50
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f070d47
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_785pxv = 0x7f07094f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f070d46
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/parentTitleTv = 0x7f0901cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f070d43
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f070d41
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f070d40
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f070d3f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_324pxh = 0x7f070351
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_fab_min_touch_target = 0x7f070d3e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f070d3b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/customDimension = 0x7f04015e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding_icon = 0x7f070d38
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/paddingBottomSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f04038c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_text_spacing = 0x7f070d34
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_group_name = 0x7f12008d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_size = 0x7f070d33
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_datepicker_elevation = 0x7f070c4b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding = 0x7f070d31
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_bottom_padding = 0x7f070d2d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_chip_text_size = 0x7f070d29
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_chip_pressed_translation_z = 0x7f070d28
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_margin = 0x7f070d22
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_height = 0x7f070d1e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textLocale = 0x7f0404a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top = 0x7f070d1b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/cardView = 0x7f090089
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_top = 0x7f070d19
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_628pxv = 0x7f070745
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom = 0x7f070d17
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_222pxv = 0x7f0701ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_action_bar_elevation_material = 0x7f070b3d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/material_minute_text_input = 0x7f090164
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_height = 0x7f070d13
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/liftOnScroll = 0x7f0402bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_ic_ab_back_material = 0x7f080038
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f13006f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_431pxv = 0x7f0704b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_vertical_padding = 0x7f070d11
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_height = 0x7f070cdf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_landscape_header_width = 0x7f070d0e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_primary40 = 0x7f0601eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_379sp = 0x7f070407
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_top = 0x7f070d0d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_bottom = 0x7f070d0c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_text_padding = 0x7f070d0b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f13039c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mock_diagonalsColor = 0x7f040317
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_964pxv = 0x7f070b05
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/all_category_card = 0x7f090058
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height_fullscreen = 0x7f070d09
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/buy_now = 0x7f090083
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding_fullscreen = 0x7f070d06
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_navigation_bar_item_with_indicator_icon_tint = 0x7f0600ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/notification_subtext_size = 0x7f070d9c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_on_primary_disabled = 0x7f06021b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding = 0x7f070d05
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week_height = 0x7f070d03
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_width = 0x7f070d02
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_today_stroke = 0x7f070d00
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070cff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_padding = 0x7f070cfa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/m3_auto_complete_simple_item = 0x7f0c004f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_size = 0x7f070cf6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f070cf4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_snackbar_margin_horizontal = 0x7f070cf1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_228pxh = 0x7f070210
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_pressed_z = 0x7f070cf0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_271pxh = 0x7f0702a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_right = 0x7f070cee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/fastscroll_default_thickness = 0x7f070bcc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_left = 0x7f070ced
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f070cec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/touchAnchorId = 0x7f0404dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_14 = 0x7f09001d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f130029
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_height = 0x7f070d35
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/flow_wrapMode = 0x7f0401f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_570pxv = 0x7f070685
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_max_width = 0x7f070ceb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_letter_spacing = 0x7f070cea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f130225
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_action_about = 0x7f0800b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_inset = 0x7f070ce9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f070ce8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_hovered_z = 0x7f070ce6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_anchor_parent = 0x7f090184
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_focused_z = 0x7f070ce5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_217pxv = 0x7f0701ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_410pxv = 0x7f070472
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_elevation = 0x7f070ce4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f130248
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate = 0x7f0b0008
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/mtrl_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f02001f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/SHOW_ALL = 0x7f09000b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f070ce2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f070ce1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_width = 0x7f070d36
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f070cde
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f070cdc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fabOffsetEndMode = 0x7f070cda
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_size = 0x7f070cd6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionEffect_alpha = 0x7f04033a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f070cd5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_picker_background_inset = 0x7f070cd1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_bottom_padding = 0x7f070d12
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_top = 0x7f070cd0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_98pxh = 0x7f070b25
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_bottom = 0x7f070ccd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_time_input_padding_bottom = 0x7f070cc9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_821pxv = 0x7f0709ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/contiguous = 0x7f0900bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/staticPostLayout = 0x7f09023c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/cart_recycler = 0x7f090090
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_textinput_min_width = 0x7f070cc8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_textinput_max_width = 0x7f070cc7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f0b0007
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_input_text_to_prefix_suffix_padding = 0x7f070cc5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_corner_radius = 0x7f070ce0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_font_2_0_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f070cc1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/cos = 0x7f0900c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_top = 0x7f070cbf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08005b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_bottom = 0x7f070cbc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_emphasis_disabled_background = 0x7f070cb9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f1302f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_cursor_inset_top = 0x7f070cb5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08006f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_406sp = 0x7f070464
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_clock_size = 0x7f070cb3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1300b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/nav_default_pop_enter_anim = 0x7f020025
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_101pxv = 0x7f070018
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/alertTitle = 0x7f090054
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_width = 0x7f070cb2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_clock_number_text_size = 0x7f070caf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_clock_number_text_padding = 0x7f070cae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_262pxv = 0x7f070283
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_clock_hand_padding = 0x7f070cac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/north = 0x7f0901b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_clock_face_margin_top = 0x7f070caa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_timepicker_window_elevation = 0x7f070ca7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceTitleSmall = 0x7f040490
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_timepicker_display_stroke_width = 0x7f070ca6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_close_black_48dp = 0x7f0800cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_217sp = 0x7f0701ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_state_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070ca3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/character_counter_overflowed_content_description = 0x7f12002a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_top_padding = 0x7f070d39
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_state_dragged_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070ca2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_612pxh = 0x7f070711
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f070ca1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/View = 0x7f1400a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f070ca0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f070c9f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_398pxv = 0x7f070445
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_y2 = 0x7f070c9d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f070c97
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_90sp = 0x7f070abf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_x1 = 0x7f070c92
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f070c91
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view = 0x7f0c0006
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarSearchIconTintColor = 0x7f0602c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f070c8f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_y2 = 0x7f070c8d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_x1 = 0x7f070c8a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f070c89
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_814pxh = 0x7f0709b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_margin = 0x7f070d56
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f070c80
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f070c7f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f070d4e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f070c7e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_19sp = 0x7f0701b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level4 = 0x7f070c7c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level3 = 0x7f070c7b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_elevation = 0x7f070c4d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level1 = 0x7f070c79
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_tertiary = 0x7f06017e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_snackbar_margin = 0x7f070c77
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_appbar_expanded_title_margin_horizontal = 0x7f070be1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f070c76
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_small_fab_max_image_size = 0x7f070c74
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/cart_price = 0x7f09008e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_634sp = 0x7f07075b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f070c6f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f070c6e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_9sp = 0x7f070b37
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f070c6d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark = 0x7f08004d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_navigate_to_year_description = 0x7f1200a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f070c6c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1023pxv = 0x7f07001d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_top = 0x7f070c6b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_secondary = 0x7f0601aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_bottom = 0x7f070c6a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.MonthTextView = 0x7f130377
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_min_height = 0x7f070c69
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_margin_horizontal = 0x7f070c67
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_default_width = 0x7f070c65
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_navigation_menu_headline_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070c64
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_navigation_menu_divider_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070c63
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_515pxh = 0x7f0705cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_navigation_item_vertical_padding = 0x7f070c62
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_start = 0x7f070c60
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/hideOnScroll = 0x7f040214
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_fab_corner_size = 0x7f070c55
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/action_bar_root = 0x7f09003f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/robottwo = 0x7f080144
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/buttonTintMode = 0x7f040091
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/actionUp = 0x7f09003b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_extended_fab_start_padding = 0x7f070c52
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f1300b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_extended_fab_min_height = 0x7f070c51
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/action0 = 0x7f090038
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/compat_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f070b90
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070c4a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/borderlessButtonStyle = 0x7f04006c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/windowActionBarOverlay = 0x7f04050d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/androidx_window_activity_scope = 0x7f09005c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_switch_track_height = 0x7f070c46
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070c45
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_x2 = 0x7f070c9b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070c44
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/badgeTextColor = 0x7f040056
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/warmth = 0x7f040505
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070c43
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/submenuarrow = 0x7f090240
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_switch_handle_elevation = 0x7f070c42
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/upDuration = 0x7f0404f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_icon_opacity = 0x7f070c41
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_948pxv = 0x7f070aef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_handle_opacity = 0x7f070c40
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_icon_opacity = 0x7f070c3e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_handle_elevation = 0x7f070c3b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_icon_size = 0x7f070c3a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070c38
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_525pxh = 0x7f0705ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_textinput_default_width = 0x7f070cc6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_pressed_container_elevation = 0x7f070c37
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_container_height = 0x7f070c35
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f1302ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_hover_container_elevation = 0x7f070c32
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_79sp = 0x7f070980
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/javascript = 0x7f0800e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/facebook_rectangle = 0x7f0800ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070c2e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/button_material_light = 0x7f060035
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_elevation = 0x7f070c26
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/nav_default_enter_anim = 0x7f020023
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_bottom_padding = 0x7f070cfb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_height = 0x7f070c25
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_141pxh = 0x7f0700f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_chip_icon_size = 0x7f070c23
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_switch_track_tint = 0x7f060294
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_chip_hovered_translation_z = 0x7f070c22
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_chip_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f070c1f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_278sp = 0x7f0702b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_chip_corner_size = 0x7f070c1e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f130017
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_close_circle = 0x7f0800dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0602cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_chip_checked_hovered_translation_z = 0x7f070c1d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_card_hovered_z = 0x7f070c1b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0a003c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_card_elevation = 0x7f070c1a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_card_elevated_hovered_z = 0x7f070c19
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_magnify_black_48dp = 0x7f0800d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_card_elevated_elevation = 0x7f070c18
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_5 = 0x7f090032
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Small = 0x7f1303d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/setsTag = 0x7f0403eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_seekbar_track_material = 0x7f08005f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_card_dragged_z = 0x7f070c16
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_picker_title_text = 0x7f090199
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_translation_z_hovered = 0x7f070c15
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/center_horizontal = 0x7f09009f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_949pxv = 0x7f070af0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f070c13
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f070c12
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_padding_top = 0x7f070c0e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon = 0x7f130293
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material = 0x7f08002c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/selectionRequired = 0x7f0403e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_icon_btn_padding_right = 0x7f070c04
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary30 = 0x7f0600e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_810pxh = 0x7f0709a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f070c03
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/buttonBarButtonStyle = 0x7f040081
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f070bff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_button_outline_color_selector = 0x7f060083
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_dialog_btn_spacing = 0x7f070bfe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/groups = 0x7f090117
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070bfc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_end_margin = 0x7f070bfa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f070bf9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f070bf7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated = 0x7f0402c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_elevation = 0x7f070bf5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f1303cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_545pxv = 0x7f070631
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_margin_horizontal = 0x7f070bef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f1303ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_height = 0x7f070bee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorControlNormal = 0x7f040109
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_497sp = 0x7f070590
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_horizontal_offset = 0x7f070beb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents = 0x7f13011b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_badge_radius = 0x7f070be9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_appbar_size_medium = 0x7f070be7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/categories = 0x7f090092
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/reg_name = 0x7f0901ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_icon_margin = 0x7f070bdd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/contentPaddingTop = 0x7f040142
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_elevation = 0x7f070bdc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_254pxh = 0x7f070267
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_corner_size = 0x7f070bdb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_action_top_padding = 0x7f070bda
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_color_highlight_material = 0x7f060004
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_action_bottom_padding = 0x7f070bd9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_out_of_range = 0x7f1200a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_text_bottom_margin = 0x7f070d59
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity = 0x7f070bd8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_96sp = 0x7f070b0d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070bd4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/listMode = 0x7f090152
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialThemeOverlay = 0x7f0402ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/hint_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070bd3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_radius = 0x7f070d5f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070bd1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/fastscroll_minimum_range = 0x7f070bce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/StateSet = 0x7f140099
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_12 = 0x7f09001b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_snackbar_text_size = 0x7f070bc4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f1303e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f130395
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_tertiary30 = 0x7f060204
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical = 0x7f070bc2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f070bc1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_snackbar_max_width = 0x7f070bbf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_46pxv = 0x7f070535
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_87pxh = 0x7f070a89
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/telltales_tailScale = 0x7f040469
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal = 0x7f070bbe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_30 = 0x7f09002f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom_fullscreen = 0x7f070d18
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_986pxv = 0x7f070b21
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f070bbc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding = 0x7f070bb9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_466pxv = 0x7f070529
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_dots_vertical_black_48dp = 0x7f0800cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_pressed_container_elevation = 0x7f070c2d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_day_abbr = 0x7f1200ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_navigation_item_vertical_padding = 0x7f070bb6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_11pxv = 0x7f0700a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f070bb5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070bb4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_navigation_elevation = 0x7f070bb1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl = 0x7f08007a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/notification_large_icon_height = 0x7f070d94
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_fab_size_normal = 0x7f070bae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_749sp = 0x7f0708d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_fab_image_size = 0x7f070bac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar.Large = 0x7f130349
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_fab_elevation = 0x7f070bab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_elevation = 0x7f070ba7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_extended_fab_bottom_padding = 0x7f070c4e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialCalendarDay = 0x7f0402e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_text_size = 0x7f070ba6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_8pxh = 0x7f070ab0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_label_padding = 0x7f070ba3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width = 0x7f070ba1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/statusBarForeground = 0x7f040433
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_textinput_end_icon_margin_start = 0x7f070d86
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height = 0x7f070b41
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f070ba0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_847pxv = 0x7f070a1e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_elevation = 0x7f070b9e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background = 0x7f080117
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/isLightTheme = 0x7f04023d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size = 0x7f070b9d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_417pxv = 0x7f070487
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_height = 0x7f070b95
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/compat_control_corner_material = 0x7f070b94
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/compat_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f070b93
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/compat_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f070b92
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_star_half_black_48dp = 0x7f080063
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/compat_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f070b91
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_max_width = 0x7f070c0a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f080012
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/cardview_default_radius = 0x7f070b8e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_809pxh = 0x7f07099f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/add = 0x7f090050
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_container_shape = 0x7f0d000e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/cardview_compat_inset_shadow = 0x7f070b8c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_primary = 0x7f06025e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar = 0x7f070b88
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/imageZoom = 0x7f040231
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_text_size_subhead_material = 0x7f070b85
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_text_size_large_material = 0x7f070b80
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_text_size_headline_material = 0x7f070b7f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintHeight_min = 0x7f040291
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_text_size_display_3_material = 0x7f070b7d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_606pxv = 0x7f0706fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_text_size_display_2_material = 0x7f070b7c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarIconColorDark = 0x7f0602bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_text_size_button_material = 0x7f070b79
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/carouselPaddingStart = 0x7f0400a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_switch_padding = 0x7f070b76
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f080029
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material = 0x7f070b71
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_list_item_height_small_material = 0x7f070b6a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/fitEnd = 0x7f090103
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_floating_window_z = 0x7f070b67
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f070b65
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/edit_query = 0x7f0900f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material = 0x7f070b64
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_icon_width = 0x7f070b61
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialDivider = 0x7f1303f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_721sp = 0x7f07087e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_material = 0x7f070b5c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_major = 0x7f070b5a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/action_image = 0x7f090046
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070c2b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_597pxv = 0x7f0706dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor = 0x7f070b55
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_dialog_corner_radius_material = 0x7f070b53
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_control_padding_material = 0x7f070b52
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_config_prefDialogWidth = 0x7f070b4f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f070b4c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_dimen = 0x7f070b49
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material = 0x7f070b47
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Medium = 0x7f13014e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_148pxv = 0x7f070106
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_431sp = 0x7f0704b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_colored = 0x7f070bcf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_464pxv = 0x7f070523
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_material = 0x7f070b46
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_action_button_min_height_material = 0x7f070b45
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_focus_container_elevation = 0x7f070c28
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_623sp = 0x7f070737
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material = 0x7f070b44
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_820pxh = 0x7f0709c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/shapeCornerFamily = 0x7f0403f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_573pxv = 0x7f07068e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material = 0x7f070b3e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f060097
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_radius = 0x7f070d71
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_simple_item_color_selected_alpha = 0x7f070c72
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/common_google_signin_btn_tint = 0x7f060047
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_height_material = 0x7f070b3a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f1301eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav = 0x7f070b39
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_542sp = 0x7f070629
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_material = 0x7f070b38
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/paddingTopNoTitle = 0x7f040391
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_primary = 0x7f060178
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_9pxv = 0x7f070b36
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_9pxh = 0x7f070b35
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_99pxh = 0x7f070b32
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_chip_elevated_elevation = 0x7f070c21
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/notification_top_pad = 0x7f070d9d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/transitionToEnd = 0x7f090276
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_height = 0x7f070bfb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_999pxv = 0x7f070b31
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f13018d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_85pxv = 0x7f070a48
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_998pxv = 0x7f070b30
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_28 = 0x7f09002c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/selectorSize = 0x7f0403ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_error10 = 0x7f0600fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_997pxv = 0x7f070b2f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1302bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_95pxv = 0x7f070aff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_673pxv = 0x7f0707db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_996pxv = 0x7f070b2e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/ifTagSet = 0x7f040228
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_995pxv = 0x7f070b2d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_993pxv = 0x7f070b2b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/constraintSet = 0x7f04012e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/hideAnimationBehavior = 0x7f040211
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_992pxv = 0x7f070b2a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/electronics = 0x7f120046
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_854pxh = 0x7f070a35
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_989pxv = 0x7f070b24
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_primary95 = 0x7f06012b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010013
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_532pxh = 0x7f070606
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_987pxv = 0x7f070b22
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_spinner_textfield_background_material = 0x7f080061
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_981pxv = 0x7f070b1c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_textinput_focused_box_stroke_color = 0x7f06029e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f070bb0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_12pxv = 0x7f0700ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_97sp = 0x7f070b1a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Design = 0x7f130203
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070bd5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f070b6b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_97pxv = 0x7f070b19
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialCalendarHeaderCancelButton = 0x7f0402e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_453sp = 0x7f070500
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_97pxh = 0x7f070b18
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_clearIconTint = 0x7f040350
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_86pxv = 0x7f070a69
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_text_size_display_1_material = 0x7f070b7b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_973pxv = 0x7f070b11
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/minus_image = 0x7f080100
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_96pxh = 0x7f070b0b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_73sp = 0x7f0708ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/navigation_bar_item_icon_view = 0x7f0901a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_969pxv = 0x7f070b0a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_966pxv = 0x7f070b07
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_965pxv = 0x7f070b06
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_unselected = 0x7f1200a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarClearIconTintColorDark = 0x7f0602b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/aligned = 0x7f090055
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_961pxv = 0x7f070b02
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/titleCollapseMode = 0x7f0404c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_960pxv = 0x7f070b01
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_95sp = 0x7f070b00
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface = 0x7f060166
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_card_elevated_dragged_z = 0x7f070c17
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_95pxh = 0x7f070afe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_958pxv = 0x7f070afc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_957pxv = 0x7f070afb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionEffect_move = 0x7f04033c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_956pxv = 0x7f070afa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_954pxv = 0x7f070af8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_94sp = 0x7f070af3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_94pxv = 0x7f070af2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_down = 0x7f08010e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_839pxv = 0x7f070a03
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_943pxv = 0x7f070aea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.HarmonizedColors = 0x7f130280
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_elevation = 0x7f070d55
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_940pxv = 0x7f070ae7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/linearRowfile = 0x7f09014e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_margin = 0x7f070d78
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_939pxv = 0x7f070ae3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_938pxv = 0x7f070ae2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f0601e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_937pxv = 0x7f070ae1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_934pxv = 0x7f070ade
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_name = 0x7f12008b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_198pxh = 0x7f0701aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_931pxv = 0x7f070adb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/icon_content_description = 0x7f12005f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_386pxv = 0x7f07041e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_930pxv = 0x7f070ada
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f140031
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_539sp = 0x7f07061d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_92sp = 0x7f070ad9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_92pxv = 0x7f070ad8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_10 = 0x7f090019
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_expand_spec = 0x7f020022
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/back_image = 0x7f080077
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_926pxv = 0x7f070ad3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1020pxv = 0x7f07001a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08003e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_923pxv = 0x7f070ad0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format = 0x7f12009f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_189sp = 0x7f07018e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_920pxv = 0x7f070acd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorError = 0x7f04010a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_91pxv = 0x7f070acb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout = 0x7f040273
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_915pxv = 0x7f070ac5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1017pxv = 0x7f070014
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_116sp = 0x7f07009e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_912pxv = 0x7f070ac2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_487pxv = 0x7f07056e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_911pxv = 0x7f070ac1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/default_activity_button = 0x7f0900cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_90pxv = 0x7f070abe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_tonal_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f0601c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_909pxv = 0x7f070abc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_491sp = 0x7f07057e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_ic_check_mark = 0x7f080111
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_904pxv = 0x7f070ab7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_rightTextSelectorTint = 0x7f040366
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_8sp = 0x7f070ab2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/categroies_images = 0x7f090098
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_579pxh = 0x7f07069f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_89sp = 0x7f070aaf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_89pxv = 0x7f070aae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_898pxv = 0x7f070aab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_897pxv = 0x7f070aaa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/confirm_button = 0x7f0900b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_895pxv = 0x7f070aa8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_894pxv = 0x7f070aa7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_duration = 0x7f0a0047
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_891pxv = 0x7f070aa4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_dark_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f060051
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/corner_radius_default = 0x7f070b97
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_88sp = 0x7f070aa2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right = 0x7f070b63
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_887pxv = 0x7f070a9d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_883sp = 0x7f070a97
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_883pxv = 0x7f070a96
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mt_container = 0x7f09017c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f130310
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialCardViewFilledStyle = 0x7f0402f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_883pxh = 0x7f070a95
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_882sp = 0x7f070a94
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_3sp = 0x7f07044f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_881sp = 0x7f070a91
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/chronometer = 0x7f0900ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f1303db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_345pxv = 0x7f070397
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_881pxv = 0x7f070a90
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_881pxh = 0x7f070a8f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f070bf6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_880sp = 0x7f070a8e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_87sp = 0x7f070a8b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/googleg_disabled_color_18 = 0x7f0800b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_158pxv = 0x7f070127
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_87pxv = 0x7f070a8a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/material_motion_duration_long_1 = 0x7f0a0032
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_327pxh = 0x7f07035a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_806sp = 0x7f070998
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_878sp = 0x7f070a85
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1300dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_878pxh = 0x7f070a83
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_877pxv = 0x7f070a81
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_975pxv = 0x7f070b13
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/chain = 0x7f0900a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_876sp = 0x7f070a7f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_876pxh = 0x7f070a7d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_searchview_description_voice = 0x7f120017
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_244pxv = 0x7f070247
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_875sp = 0x7f070a7c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/tag_accessibility_pane_title = 0x7f090249
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_875pxv = 0x7f070a7b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_875pxh = 0x7f070a7a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate = 0x7f0b0009
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_874sp = 0x7f070a79
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_873pxv = 0x7f070a75
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/graph = 0x7f040207
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$avd_show_password__1 = 0x7f080004
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_873pxh = 0x7f070a74
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/teal_200 = 0x7f0602d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_872sp = 0x7f070a73
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/DialogFragmentNavigator = 0x7f140034
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_elevation = 0x7f070d7c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_872pxv = 0x7f070a72
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionStagger = 0x7f040346
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_872pxh = 0x7f070a71
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_min_height = 0x7f070bf3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_357pxv = 0x7f0703be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/cardview_default_elevation = 0x7f070b8d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_871pxv = 0x7f070a6f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_871pxh = 0x7f070a6e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1300b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_870pxv = 0x7f070a6c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_870pxh = 0x7f070a6b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_90pxh = 0x7f070abd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_586pxv = 0x7f0706b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_868pxh = 0x7f070a62
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/material_motion_duration_short_2 = 0x7f0a0037
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_864pxv = 0x7f070a57
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_864pxh = 0x7f070a56
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_863sp = 0x7f070a55
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_860sp = 0x7f070a4c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_857sp = 0x7f070a40
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_857pxh = 0x7f070a3e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tickColor = 0x7f0404b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_855sp = 0x7f070a3a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_761pxh = 0x7f070900
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_300pxh = 0x7f070303
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_855pxh = 0x7f070a38
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Suggestion = 0x7f130341
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/design_menu_item_action_area_stub = 0x7f0900d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_852pxv = 0x7f070a30
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_852pxh = 0x7f070a2f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_size = 0x7f070d23
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f060117
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material = 0x7f070b70
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_851sp = 0x7f070a2e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_495pxh = 0x7f070588
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_851pxh = 0x7f070a2c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_850pxv = 0x7f070a2a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_323sp = 0x7f070350
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_850pxh = 0x7f070a29
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_453pxh = 0x7f0704fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_84sp = 0x7f070a28
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_84pxv = 0x7f070a27
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_849pxv = 0x7f070a24
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_849pxh = 0x7f070a23
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_calendar_day_selector_frame = 0x7f090185
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_847sp = 0x7f070a1f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_846pxv = 0x7f070a1b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_523pxv = 0x7f0705e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_856pxv = 0x7f070a3c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f06021f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_320sp = 0x7f070347
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_845sp = 0x7f070a19
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_844pxv = 0x7f070a15
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_65pxh = 0x7f0707ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_885pxv = 0x7f070a9b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_843pxv = 0x7f070a12
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_843pxh = 0x7f070a11
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary90 = 0x7f0600dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_842sp = 0x7f070a10
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/include = 0x7f1400ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_626pxv = 0x7f07073f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_842pxv = 0x7f070a0f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f13027d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBottomOf = 0x7f040280
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_442pxh = 0x7f0704da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/otp2 = 0x7f0901c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/tooltip_frame_dark = 0x7f08014a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_842pxh = 0x7f070a0e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/floatingActionButtonPrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_chip_text_color = 0x7f060278
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_841sp = 0x7f070a0d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/selected = 0x7f090215
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_816sp = 0x7f0709b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/colorPrimaryDark = 0x7f06003c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_252pxv = 0x7f070262
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_840sp = 0x7f070a0a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_83pxh = 0x7f070a05
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_672pxv = 0x7f0707d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_838pxv = 0x7f070a00
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_837sp = 0x7f0709fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/search_edit_frame = 0x7f09020e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_837pxv = 0x7f0709fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/KeyAttribute = 0x7f140048
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_secondary_container = 0x7f060191
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_card_dragged_z = 0x7f070d25
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f06018c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_836sp = 0x7f0709fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f130196
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_836pxh = 0x7f0709f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text = 0x7f1302ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_430pxh = 0x7f0704b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_835pxv = 0x7f0709f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/none = 0x7f0901af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_834pxh = 0x7f0709f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_833sp = 0x7f0709f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/vertical_only = 0x7f090292
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_831pxv = 0x7f0709eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/windowActionBar = 0x7f04050c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_831pxh = 0x7f0709ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_control_corner_material = 0x7f070b50
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_172pxh = 0x7f070156
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_830sp = 0x7f0709e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_830pxv = 0x7f0709e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f070cf2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_82sp = 0x7f0709e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_82pxv = 0x7f0709e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_state_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070ca5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/carousel_previousState = 0x7f0400aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_479sp = 0x7f070554
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_829pxh = 0x7f0709e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_title_bottom_margin = 0x7f070bdf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/Transition = 0x7f1400a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_28pxv = 0x7f0702dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_828pxv = 0x7f0709df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/event_name = 0x7f0900f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_828pxh = 0x7f0709de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_827pxv = 0x7f0709dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_827pxh = 0x7f0709db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_826sp = 0x7f0709da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/dragUp = 0x7f0900ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_671pxh = 0x7f0707d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_671pxv = 0x7f0707d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_826pxv = 0x7f0709d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_286pxh = 0x7f0702d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_825sp = 0x7f0709d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_variant = 0x7f0601ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_normal = 0x7f080095
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_825pxh = 0x7f0709d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_824sp = 0x7f0709d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/fastscroll_margin = 0x7f070bcd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_81pxv = 0x7f0709c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_819sp = 0x7f0709c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_818pxv = 0x7f0709be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_818pxh = 0x7f0709bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_505pxh = 0x7f0705ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/forever = 0x7f09010a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_384sp = 0x7f070419
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/action_bar_activity_content = 0x7f09003d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_817pxv = 0x7f0709bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_815pxh = 0x7f0709b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/infiniteCarousel = 0x7f04023a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/resistor = 0x7f080140
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_814pxv = 0x7f0709b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/search_plate = 0x7f090211
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_card_corner_radius = 0x7f070d24
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_813sp = 0x7f0709b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_813pxv = 0x7f0709af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/inputContainer = 0x7f090134
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_light = 0x7f08004c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_951pxv = 0x7f070af5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu = 0x7f04048b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_813pxh = 0x7f0709ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_812pxv = 0x7f0709ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_811sp = 0x7f0709aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_811pxh = 0x7f0709a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_150sp = 0x7f070110
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_810sp = 0x7f0709a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_809sp = 0x7f0709a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_secondary_icon_color = 0x7f0d0006
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_text_size_caption_material = 0x7f070b7a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_900 = 0x7f0a0021
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_809pxv = 0x7f0709a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/quantity_spinner = 0x7f0901e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_cursor_width = 0x7f070cb6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_808sp = 0x7f07099e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_808pxv = 0x7f07099d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_checkbox_button_icon_tint = 0x7f06008b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_808pxh = 0x7f07099c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat = 0x7f130132
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout = 0x7f13010d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_807pxv = 0x7f07099a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color = 0x7f060069
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_727pxh = 0x7f07088e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_817pxh = 0x7f0709ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_807pxh = 0x7f070999
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f090195
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_806pxv = 0x7f070997
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_805pxh = 0x7f070993
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_406pxh = 0x7f070462
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_primary = 0x7f06019f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_804sp = 0x7f070992
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_804pxh = 0x7f070990
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/enterAlways = 0x7f0900f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_879sp = 0x7f070a88
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_width = 0x7f070c68
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_530pxv = 0x7f070601
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_802pxv = 0x7f07098b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_801sp = 0x7f070989
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/RtlOverlay.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f130135
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_801pxh = 0x7f070987
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_800sp = 0x7f070986
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_800pxh = 0x7f070984
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_7sp = 0x7f070983
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/dividerColor = 0x7f040178
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_7pxv = 0x7f070982
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/contrast = 0x7f040144
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/continue_order_btn = 0x7f0900bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_79pxh = 0x7f07097e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_799sp = 0x7f07097d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_799pxv = 0x7f07097c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f130363
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_799pxh = 0x7f07097b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_38sp = 0x7f07042b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_798pxv = 0x7f070979
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_798pxh = 0x7f070978
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/buttonStyleSmall = 0x7f04008f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_797pxv = 0x7f070976
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_797pxh = 0x7f070975
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_247sp = 0x7f070251
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_795sp = 0x7f070971
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_288sp = 0x7f0702d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_795pxh = 0x7f07096f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_794sp = 0x7f07096e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_792sp = 0x7f070968
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_791pxv = 0x7f070964
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_790pxv = 0x7f070961
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_744pxh = 0x7f0708c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_x2 = 0x7f070c93
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_78sp = 0x7f07095f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_78pxv = 0x7f07095e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/constraint = 0x7f0900b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_853pxh = 0x7f070a32
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_78pxh = 0x7f07095d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/forget_password_2 = 0x7f120054
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_popupmenu_overlay_color = 0x7f0600b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_788pxv = 0x7f070958
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_730sp = 0x7f07089c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_786sp = 0x7f070953
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_786pxh = 0x7f070951
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_785sp = 0x7f070950
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_785pxh = 0x7f07094e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_784pxv = 0x7f07094c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f070c57
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_782pxh = 0x7f070945
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_781pxv = 0x7f070943
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_780sp = 0x7f070941
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_237pxv = 0x7f07022f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_780pxh = 0x7f07093f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_77sp = 0x7f07093e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_77pxh = 0x7f07093c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/civ_border_color = 0x7f0400e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_779pxv = 0x7f07093a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_869sp = 0x7f070a67
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f060070
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_778pxv = 0x7f070937
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_369pxv = 0x7f0703e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_777sp = 0x7f070935
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_395pxv = 0x7f07043c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_777pxv = 0x7f070934
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fontProviderSystemFontFamily = 0x7f0401fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_776pxv = 0x7f070931
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f070c0b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionDebug = 0x7f04031d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_text_button_background_color_selector = 0x7f0601b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_grey_850 = 0x7f060212
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_776pxh = 0x7f070930
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_775pxv = 0x7f07092e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f060226
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_775pxh = 0x7f07092d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/fitToContents = 0x7f090105
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_774sp = 0x7f07092c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_774pxv = 0x7f07092b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_774pxh = 0x7f07092a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_773pxv = 0x7f070928
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f13017f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_325sp = 0x7f070356
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_773pxh = 0x7f070927
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f13040c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_771sp = 0x7f070923
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/boxStrokeWidth = 0x7f04007e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_771pxv = 0x7f070922
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_771pxh = 0x7f070921
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background_overlay = 0x7f080118
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_770pxv = 0x7f07091f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_770pxh = 0x7f07091e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_76sp = 0x7f07091d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/PropertySet = 0x7f140084
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_76pxh = 0x7f07091b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/path_password_strike_through = 0x7f1200d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionEffect_start = 0x7f04033d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_532sp = 0x7f070608
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_769sp = 0x7f07091a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_483sp = 0x7f070563
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_769pxh = 0x7f070918
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080034
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f0c0058
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_768pxv = 0x7f070916
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1303b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/bottomsheet_action_expand_halfway = 0x7f120025
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_768pxh = 0x7f070915
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_767pxv = 0x7f070913
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_766sp = 0x7f070911
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/img_file = 0x7f0800df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_766pxv = 0x7f070910
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_765pxv = 0x7f07090d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_765pxh = 0x7f07090c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_764pxv = 0x7f07090a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_764pxh = 0x7f070909
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_year_abbr = 0x7f1200b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_763sp = 0x7f070908
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_686pxv = 0x7f070805
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/subtitle_shadow_radius = 0x7f070da3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/logo = 0x7f0402d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_763pxv = 0x7f070907
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textInputOutlinedStyle = 0x7f0404a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_854pxv = 0x7f070a36
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_762pxh = 0x7f070903
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.MaterialSwitch = 0x7f13034c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_761sp = 0x7f070902
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemActiveIndicatorStyle = 0x7f04024c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/frost = 0x7f09010d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_normal_background = 0x7f08008d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_75sp = 0x7f0708fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_759sp = 0x7f0708f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_495sp = 0x7f07058a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_759pxv = 0x7f0708f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/default_unselected_dot = 0x7f0800a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_757sp = 0x7f0708f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_137sp = 0x7f0700e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_756pxh = 0x7f0708ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/springDamping = 0x7f04041c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_menu_elevation = 0x7f070c5a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled = 0x7f130327
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/haloRadius = 0x7f04020a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_755pxv = 0x7f0708ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_635pxh = 0x7f07075c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_755pxh = 0x7f0708eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/autoCompleteMode = 0x7f04003d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_416sp = 0x7f070485
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_754pxv = 0x7f0708e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_754pxh = 0x7f0708e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_753sp = 0x7f0708e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_753pxh = 0x7f0708e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_752sp = 0x7f0708e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/SignInButton = 0x7f14008e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_751sp = 0x7f0708e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_751pxh = 0x7f0708df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_7pxh = 0x7f070981
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/black_900_4c = 0x7f060026
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_456sp = 0x7f070509
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_750sp = 0x7f0708de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_301pxv = 0x7f070307
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_927pxv = 0x7f070ad4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_649pxh = 0x7f070789
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_750pxv = 0x7f0708dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_74sp = 0x7f0708db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/region_heightLessThan = 0x7f0403cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_74pxv = 0x7f0708da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width = 0x7f070ba2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_dynamic_highlighted_text = 0x7f0600a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_749pxh = 0x7f0708d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_781pxh = 0x7f070942
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_748pxv = 0x7f0708d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_747sp = 0x7f0708d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_747pxh = 0x7f0708d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/iv_delete = 0x7f09013b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_846pxh = 0x7f070a1a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fabCustomSize = 0x7f0401c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_746sp = 0x7f0708cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_746pxv = 0x7f0708ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/bottomSheetDialogTheme = 0x7f040072
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_746pxh = 0x7f0708cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/nav_default_exit_anim = 0x7f020024
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_745pxv = 0x7f0708cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_701pxh = 0x7f07083a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_745pxh = 0x7f0708ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_744sp = 0x7f0708c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_744pxv = 0x7f0708c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_743sp = 0x7f0708c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_742pxv = 0x7f0708c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.ChipGroup = 0x7f130343
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_919pxv = 0x7f070ac9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_742pxh = 0x7f0708c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_741pxh = 0x7f0708be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_background = 0x7f06016e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_740pxv = 0x7f0708bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/menu_vector_path = 0x7f120086
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_740pxh = 0x7f0708bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_739pxv = 0x7f0708b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_738pxv = 0x7f0708b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_418sp = 0x7f07048b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_562sp = 0x7f07066b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_738pxh = 0x7f0708b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_787pxv = 0x7f070955
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_737sp = 0x7f0708b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_27 = 0x7f09002b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_737pxv = 0x7f0708b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_736sp = 0x7f0708ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_736pxv = 0x7f0708ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/material_timepicker_pm = 0x7f120080
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_734sp = 0x7f0708a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/headerLayout = 0x7f04020b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_734pxv = 0x7f0708a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_733sp = 0x7f0708a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintBottom_creator = 0x7f040282
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_732sp = 0x7f0708a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_732pxv = 0x7f0708a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_115pxv = 0x7f07009a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_683pxv = 0x7f0707fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_732pxh = 0x7f0708a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_730pxv = 0x7f07089b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_730pxh = 0x7f07089a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/order_next = 0x7f0901bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/with_icon = 0x7f0902a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/menu = 0x7f04030d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_541pxv = 0x7f070625
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary20 = 0x7f06013d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_72sp = 0x7f070899
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/paddingLeftSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f04038e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/region_widthMoreThan = 0x7f0403d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_729sp = 0x7f070896
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_728sp = 0x7f070893
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/toolbarSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0404d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_728pxv = 0x7f070892
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_100pxv = 0x7f07000b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons = 0x7f070b58
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_726pxh = 0x7f07088b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_242pxv = 0x7f070241
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_725sp = 0x7f07088a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/primary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0602aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_725pxv = 0x7f070889
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_725pxh = 0x7f070888
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_724pxv = 0x7f070886
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface = 0x7f06017c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_925pxv = 0x7f070ad2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_722sp = 0x7f070881
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_914pxv = 0x7f070ac4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_721pxh = 0x7f07087c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f140067
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_720pxv = 0x7f07087a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_720pxh = 0x7f070879
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_71pxv = 0x7f070877
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_719pxv = 0x7f070874
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_908pxv = 0x7f070abb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_719pxh = 0x7f070873
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodyLarge = 0x7f1301b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/autoSizePresetSizes = 0x7f040043
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_718sp = 0x7f070872
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_517pxv = 0x7f0705d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_717sp = 0x7f07086f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070c49
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_717pxv = 0x7f07086e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_717pxh = 0x7f07086d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_715sp = 0x7f070869
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f130055
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_715pxh = 0x7f070867
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_714sp = 0x7f070866
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_112sp = 0x7f070092
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_large_fab_max_image_size = 0x7f070c58
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_787pxh = 0x7f070954
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/delete_image = 0x7f0800a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/curveFit = 0x7f04015a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_711pxh = 0x7f07085b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_794pxv = 0x7f07096d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_710pxh = 0x7f070858
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorSecondaryVariant = 0x7f040125
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_70sp = 0x7f070857
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_252pxh = 0x7f070261
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_70pxv = 0x7f070856
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/quantizeMotionInterpolator = 0x7f0403bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_70pxh = 0x7f070855
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_709pxv = 0x7f070853
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_deep_teal_200 = 0x7f0601c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/ignore = 0x7f090126
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_709pxh = 0x7f070852
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_708pxv = 0x7f070850
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_708pxh = 0x7f07084f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_707sp = 0x7f07084e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1300f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_707pxv = 0x7f07084d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_892pxv = 0x7f070aa5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_706pxv = 0x7f07084a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_706pxh = 0x7f070849
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_705sp = 0x7f070848
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_705pxv = 0x7f070847
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_705pxh = 0x7f070846
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_723sp = 0x7f070884
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/alertDialogButtonGroupStyle = 0x7f04002a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_704sp = 0x7f070845
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/order_image = 0x7f0901bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton.Icon = 0x7f1303bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_default_color_background = 0x7f060058
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/notification_bg_low_pressed = 0x7f08012f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_703sp = 0x7f070842
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_703pxh = 0x7f070840
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/StateListDrawableItem = 0x7f140098
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_4 = 0x7f090031
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_702sp = 0x7f07083f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_170sp = 0x7f070152
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_361pxh = 0x7f0703cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_702pxv = 0x7f07083e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f130302
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_701sp = 0x7f07083c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_701pxv = 0x7f07083b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_559pxv = 0x7f07065e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_700sp = 0x7f070839
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f130400
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_700pxh = 0x7f070837
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_icon_padding_right = 0x7f070c11
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_69pxv = 0x7f070832
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_977pxv = 0x7f070b15
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_69pxh = 0x7f070831
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Filter = 0x7f1303cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_699sp = 0x7f070830
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_699pxh = 0x7f07082e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_698pxh = 0x7f07082b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_782sp = 0x7f070947
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_792pxh = 0x7f070966
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_697pxv = 0x7f070829
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_tab_text_size = 0x7f070bc7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl = 0x7f08006b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialCircleRadius = 0x7f0402f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_696pxh = 0x7f070825
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_695pxv = 0x7f070823
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/text_shadow = 0x7f0602d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_elevated_btn_elevation = 0x7f070c01
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_695pxh = 0x7f070822
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f070baf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/reactiveGuide_applyToAllConstraintSets = 0x7f0403c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_694sp = 0x7f070821
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_694pxh = 0x7f07081f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_693sp = 0x7f07081e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_693pxh = 0x7f07081c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationView = 0x7f1303f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_802sp = 0x7f07098c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_692sp = 0x7f07081b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_692pxh = 0x7f070819
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_indeterminate__0 = 0x7f08000a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_691pxv = 0x7f070817
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f130299
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_690sp = 0x7f070815
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult = 0x7f080054
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_min_width = 0x7f070c08
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_457pxh = 0x7f07050a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_690pxv = 0x7f070814
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_690pxh = 0x7f070813
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_68sp = 0x7f070812
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_68pxv = 0x7f070811
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialAlertDialogBodyTextStyle = 0x7f0402d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_68pxh = 0x7f070810
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_750pxh = 0x7f0708dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_736pxh = 0x7f0708ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_689pxh = 0x7f07080d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/enterAnim = 0x7f0401a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_hover_container_elevation = 0x7f070c2a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_688sp = 0x7f07080c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/clickAction = 0x7f0400ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_688pxh = 0x7f07080a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08005c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_686sp = 0x7f070806
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f070b4d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/startIconContentDescription = 0x7f040425
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_685pxv = 0x7f070802
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_dynamic_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f06009f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_684sp = 0x7f070800
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintCircleAngle = 0x7f040286
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_684pxv = 0x7f0707ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f13017e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_684pxh = 0x7f0707fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_683sp = 0x7f0707fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/grey_font = 0x7f06007a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_683pxh = 0x7f0707fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_682pxv = 0x7f0707f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/buttonBarStyle = 0x7f040085
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_682pxh = 0x7f0707f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_fab_surface_container_color = 0x7f0d0012
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_681pxv = 0x7f0707f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_680pxh = 0x7f0707f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_67sp = 0x7f0707f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_67pxh = 0x7f0707ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/iotone = 0x7f0800e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_679sp = 0x7f0707ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/collapsedTitleGravity = 0x7f0400fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_679pxv = 0x7f0707ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_679pxh = 0x7f0707ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_724pxh = 0x7f070885
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialTimePickerTheme = 0x7f040301
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_678pxv = 0x7f0707ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f070c00
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_678pxh = 0x7f0707e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f130214
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_823pxh = 0x7f0709cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/spacer = 0x7f09022a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_677pxv = 0x7f0707e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_677pxh = 0x7f0707e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_676sp = 0x7f0707e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_676pxv = 0x7f0707e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_676pxh = 0x7f0707e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/thumbIconTintMode = 0x7f0404b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_675sp = 0x7f0707e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_675pxv = 0x7f0707e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_675pxh = 0x7f0707e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView = 0x7f1303f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_386pxh = 0x7f07041d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_large_component = 0x7f070d69
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_654pxv = 0x7f07079c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_673pxh = 0x7f0707da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_672sp = 0x7f0707d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f070c86
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_66pxv = 0x7f0707cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f070d04
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_669sp = 0x7f0707cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_669pxv = 0x7f0707cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_669pxh = 0x7f0707cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/end_padder = 0x7f0900f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_star_medium = 0x7f070b74
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceHeadline2 = 0x7f040477
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f06011a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_921pxv = 0x7f070ace
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_y1 = 0x7f070c9c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_668pxh = 0x7f0707c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/linear_indeterminate_line1_head_interpolator = 0x7f010021
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_371pxv = 0x7f0703ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_667sp = 0x7f0707c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_793pxv = 0x7f07096a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1071pxv = 0x7f07005c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_540pxv = 0x7f070622
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_666sp = 0x7f0707c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_666pxv = 0x7f0707c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_666pxh = 0x7f0707c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_665sp = 0x7f0707c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_807sp = 0x7f07099b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_665pxv = 0x7f0707c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f06002a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/appcompat_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f070b89
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tickMarkTint = 0x7f0404bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_795pxv = 0x7f070970
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/SplitPlaceholderRule = 0x7f140095
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_663pxv = 0x7f0707ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_950pxv = 0x7f070af4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_663pxh = 0x7f0707b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Chip = 0x7f13026d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_662sp = 0x7f0707b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/action_bar_container = 0x7f09003e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_662pxv = 0x7f0707b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_662pxh = 0x7f0707b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f070c9e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_661sp = 0x7f0707b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset = 0x7f070d5b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/listPreferredItemHeightSmall = 0x7f0402cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_731sp = 0x7f07089f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_661pxv = 0x7f0707b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/activity_cart = 0x7f0c001d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_unchecked__0 = 0x7f08001f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_918pxv = 0x7f070ac8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_660sp = 0x7f0707b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/dragDown = 0x7f0900e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_660pxv = 0x7f0707b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_660pxh = 0x7f0707b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_internal_children_alpha_tag = 0x7f09018f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_659sp = 0x7f0707ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_surface_variant = 0x7f060174
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_659pxv = 0x7f0707ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/navigation_bar_item_icon_container = 0x7f0901a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_368pxh = 0x7f0703e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__2 = 0x7f080014
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_658sp = 0x7f0707a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_658pxh = 0x7f0707a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_242pxh = 0x7f070240
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_657sp = 0x7f0707a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_snackbar_elevation = 0x7f070bbd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_747pxv = 0x7f0708d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_657pxv = 0x7f0707a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_345pxh = 0x7f070396
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/otp_verification = 0x7f080139
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/abc_popup_enter = 0x7f010003
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_medium = 0x7f070d62
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_656pxh = 0x7f0707a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_55pxv = 0x7f070661
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_560pxv = 0x7f070664
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_429sp = 0x7f0704af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_655sp = 0x7f0707a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_655pxh = 0x7f07079e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_654sp = 0x7f07079d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_emphasis_medium = 0x7f070cbb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_529sp = 0x7f0705fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_width = 0x7f070bf0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/month_navigation_next = 0x7f090176
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f13020c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_653pxh = 0x7f070798
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_label_text_type = 0x7f0d0004
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_652pxv = 0x7f070796
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_652pxh = 0x7f070795
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_983pxv = 0x7f070b1e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/title_activity_main = 0x7f1200d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_651pxv = 0x7f070793
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_650sp = 0x7f070791
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f130052
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_64sp = 0x7f07078e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_202sp = 0x7f0701be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/ig_right = 0x7f090125
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_649sp = 0x7f07078b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_65pxv = 0x7f0707ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/reactiveGuide_applyToConstraintSet = 0x7f0403ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010016
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_649pxv = 0x7f07078a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f130087
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_end_hint = 0x7f1200ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_648sp = 0x7f070788
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_126sp = 0x7f0700bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f090160
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070bd0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_647pxv = 0x7f070784
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_646pxv = 0x7f070781
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_175sp = 0x7f070161
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_646pxh = 0x7f070780
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_645sp = 0x7f07077f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_932pxv = 0x7f070adc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_645pxv = 0x7f07077e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_card_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a0010
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/black = 0x7f060022
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f070d44
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_645pxh = 0x7f07077d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f1301f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_245pxv = 0x7f07024a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_644sp = 0x7f07077c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_791pxh = 0x7f070963
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_644pxv = 0x7f07077b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1055pxv = 0x7f070046
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_924pxv = 0x7f070ad1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f1300e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1070pxv = 0x7f07005b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_214pxv = 0x7f0701e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_643pxv = 0x7f070778
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f130192
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/linear_indeterminate_line2_head_interpolator = 0x7f010023
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_817sp = 0x7f0709bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedDecelerateInterpolator = 0x7f040332
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_642sp = 0x7f070776
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/rounded = 0x7f0901fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/corner_radius_rounded = 0x7f070b98
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_221pxh = 0x7f0701fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_large_fab_size = 0x7f070c59
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_74pxh = 0x7f0708d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_641pxh = 0x7f070771
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_861sp = 0x7f070a4f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_640pxh = 0x7f07076e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_637pxv = 0x7f070763
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material = 0x7f070b40
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_637pxh = 0x7f070762
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_622sp = 0x7f070734
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarNavIconTintColor = 0x7f0602be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_636sp = 0x7f070761
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/clearsTag = 0x7f0400e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/expanded_menu = 0x7f0900fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_636pxv = 0x7f070760
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_picker_header_fullscreen = 0x7f0c0076
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_636pxh = 0x7f07075f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_672pxh = 0x7f0707d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_190pxh = 0x7f070192
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_856pxh = 0x7f070a3b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Button = 0x7f130322
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_appbar_elevation = 0x7f070b9a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_635sp = 0x7f07075e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_635pxv = 0x7f07075d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_x1 = 0x7f070c9a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_928pxv = 0x7f070ad5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f12006b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_634pxh = 0x7f070759
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_633pxh = 0x7f070756
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialCardViewOutlinedStyle = 0x7f0402f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_632pxh = 0x7f070753
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_631pxv = 0x7f070751
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_630sp = 0x7f07074f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/item_touch_helper_previous_elevation = 0x7f090139
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_secondary_container = 0x7f0601ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/appBar = 0x7f090061
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_630pxv = 0x7f07074e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_tab_text_size_2line = 0x7f070bc8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_62sp = 0x7f07074c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_62pxh = 0x7f07074a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_628pxh = 0x7f070744
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_148sp = 0x7f070107
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_626pxh = 0x7f07073e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_625sp = 0x7f07073d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary = 0x7f060055
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_624sp = 0x7f07073a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_624pxv = 0x7f070739
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_snackbar_background_color = 0x7f06006e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_874pxv = 0x7f070a78
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_624pxh = 0x7f070738
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_599pxh = 0x7f0706e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_card_elevation = 0x7f070d26
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f08001d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_623pxv = 0x7f070736
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_morphing = 0x7f1200b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_623pxh = 0x7f070735
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable = 0x7f0401b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_error = 0x7f06022e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_861pxh = 0x7f070a4d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/sliding_pane_detail_container = 0x7f090223
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialCalendarHeaderLayout = 0x7f0402e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/yearStyle = 0x7f040517
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_622pxh = 0x7f070732
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_621pxv = 0x7f070730
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_620pxv = 0x7f07072d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_620pxh = 0x7f07072c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_61sp = 0x7f07072b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_vertical_offset = 0x7f070cd8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_61pxv = 0x7f07072a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_36pxh = 0x7f0703e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_menu_black_24dp = 0x7f0800d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_focused = 0x7f08008b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_637sp = 0x7f070764
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_619sp = 0x7f070728
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_619pxv = 0x7f070727
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorOnSecondaryContainer = 0x7f040115
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_334pxh = 0x7f070372
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_disabled = 0x7f080097
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_619pxh = 0x7f070726
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabIconTint = 0x7f04044d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_618sp = 0x7f070725
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_783pxv = 0x7f070949
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_simple_item_ripple_color = 0x7f060149
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_618pxh = 0x7f070723
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_dark_highlighted_text = 0x7f060094
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_617sp = 0x7f070722
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_time_picker_minimum_screen_height = 0x7f070cca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f130187
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_616pxh = 0x7f07071d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_615sp = 0x7f07071c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_615pxv = 0x7f07071b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_615pxh = 0x7f07071a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/backgroundInsetBottom = 0x7f04004a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_860pxh = 0x7f070a4a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_614sp = 0x7f070719
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_613sp = 0x7f070716
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/screen = 0x7f090204
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_613pxv = 0x7f070715
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_368pxv = 0x7f0703e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_612sp = 0x7f070713
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_612pxv = 0x7f070712
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f130258
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_611sp = 0x7f070710
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_26sp = 0x7f07029c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/checkout_toolbar = 0x7f0900a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f1300e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_611pxv = 0x7f07070f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_610sp = 0x7f07070d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/placeholder = 0x7f08013b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_610pxh = 0x7f07070b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_320pxh = 0x7f070345
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_60pxv = 0x7f070709
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/cb_razor_pay = 0x7f09009b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_60pxh = 0x7f070708
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/checked = 0x7f0900a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/btnSignUp = 0x7f09007d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/notification_template_part_time = 0x7f0c008b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_609sp = 0x7f070707
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_608sp = 0x7f070704
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/iss_error_image = 0x7f040244
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_486pxh = 0x7f07056a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_608pxv = 0x7f070703
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1300ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_757pxh = 0x7f0708f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_607sp = 0x7f070701
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_693pxv = 0x7f07081d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_605pxv = 0x7f0706fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_796sp = 0x7f070974
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_713pxv = 0x7f070862
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_604pxv = 0x7f0706f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_603sp = 0x7f0706f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/about_us = 0x7f12001b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f0c0067
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_601sp = 0x7f0706ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_601pxv = 0x7f0706ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_601pxh = 0x7f0706ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/iconPadding = 0x7f040221
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_487sp = 0x7f07056f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_657pxh = 0x7f0707a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_646sp = 0x7f070782
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_600pxh = 0x7f0706ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f130124
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_647sp = 0x7f070785
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_5sp = 0x7f0706e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_959pxv = 0x7f070afd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_598pxv = 0x7f0706df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/spring = 0x7f090231
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_597pxh = 0x7f0706db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_595sp = 0x7f0706d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_594sp = 0x7f0706d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_594pxv = 0x7f0706d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/enterAlwaysCollapsed = 0x7f0900f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialButtonStyle = 0x7f0402e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_594pxh = 0x7f0706d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_835sp = 0x7f0709f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_593pxh = 0x7f0706cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/height = 0x7f04020c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_592sp = 0x7f0706ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_572sp = 0x7f07068c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_592pxv = 0x7f0706cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f08002f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_592pxh = 0x7f0706cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_591pxh = 0x7f0706c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_590pxh = 0x7f0706c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_415pxh = 0x7f070480
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_589sp = 0x7f0706c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/priceGst = 0x7f0901de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_589pxh = 0x7f0706c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_588pxv = 0x7f0706be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_144pxh = 0x7f0700f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f070d42
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f06029a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_588pxh = 0x7f0706bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_587sp = 0x7f0706bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/txtCreateanaccou = 0x7f090284
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_122pxh = 0x7f0700b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_tint = 0x7f060286
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_587pxv = 0x7f0706bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/show_password_duration = 0x7f0a0050
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/activity_chooser_view_content = 0x7f09004f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/src_atop = 0x7f090233
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_586sp = 0x7f0706b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_328pxh = 0x7f07035d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_585sp = 0x7f0706b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/closeIconTint = 0x7f0400f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_310pxv = 0x7f070325
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_585pxv = 0x7f0706b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_default_size = 0x7f070c06
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/buttonCompat = 0x7f040086
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorPrimaryVariant = 0x7f040121
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_584sp = 0x7f0706b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/notification_material_background_media_default_color = 0x7f0602a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_584pxv = 0x7f0706b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_151pxh = 0x7f070111
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_584pxh = 0x7f0706b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_300sp = 0x7f070305
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_fab_border_width = 0x7f070c54
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_409sp = 0x7f07046d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_583sp = 0x7f0706b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Today = 0x7f13036a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_639sp = 0x7f07076a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_583pxv = 0x7f0706af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/text_shadow_white = 0x7f0602d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_583pxh = 0x7f0706ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/notification_right_side_padding_top = 0x7f070d99
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_582sp = 0x7f0706ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_581pxv = 0x7f0706a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/checkedIconTint = 0x7f0400bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_580sp = 0x7f0706a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_580pxv = 0x7f0706a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon = 0x7f1300f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_card_stroke_width = 0x7f070c1c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_580pxh = 0x7f0706a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_496pxh = 0x7f07058b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/easeOut = 0x7f0900ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_57pxh = 0x7f0706a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Colored.Compact = 0x7f1303f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/region_heightMoreThan = 0x7f0403ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_579pxv = 0x7f0706a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_871sp = 0x7f070a70
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_578sp = 0x7f07069e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_medium = 0x7f06021d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_577sp = 0x7f07069b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_783pxh = 0x7f070948
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_577pxh = 0x7f070699
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130240
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_839sp = 0x7f070a04
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_576pxv = 0x7f070697
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_629sp = 0x7f070749
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_576pxh = 0x7f070696
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_212sp = 0x7f0701df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/notification_action_text_size = 0x7f070d91
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/previousButtonMargin = 0x7f0403b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_575sp = 0x7f070695
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f13007f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_854sp = 0x7f070a37
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_575pxv = 0x7f070694
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_574pxh = 0x7f070690
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/material_clock_display = 0x7f0c0051
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/btn_radio_on_mtrl = 0x7f080080
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_573sp = 0x7f07068f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_573pxh = 0x7f07068d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fabAnchorMode = 0x7f0401c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_282sp = 0x7f0702c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_571pxv = 0x7f070688
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_571pxh = 0x7f070687
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_570pxh = 0x7f070684
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_56pxv = 0x7f070682
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.NoActionBar = 0x7f130210
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_889pxv = 0x7f070a9f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/navigation_bar_item_small_label_view = 0x7f0901a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_56pxh = 0x7f070681
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/direct = 0x7f0900dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_569pxv = 0x7f07067f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_568pxh = 0x7f07067b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/brightness = 0x7f040080
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_567sp = 0x7f07067a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_452pxh = 0x7f0704fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_action_clear = 0x7f0800ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_566pxv = 0x7f070676
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_565sp = 0x7f070674
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_565pxv = 0x7f070673
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_564sp = 0x7f070671
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_429pxv = 0x7f0704ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_563pxv = 0x7f07066d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/ltr = 0x7f090156
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplayLarge = 0x7f1301cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_563pxh = 0x7f07066c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_562pxv = 0x7f07066a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_562pxh = 0x7f070669
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_561sp = 0x7f070668
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_561pxv = 0x7f070667
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_561pxh = 0x7f070666
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_700pxv = 0x7f070838
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f1300d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_560sp = 0x7f070665
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_560pxh = 0x7f070663
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Line2.Media = 0x7f1301a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mt_search = 0x7f090183
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_55sp = 0x7f070662
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_tertiary = 0x7f0601ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_558pxv = 0x7f07065b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_557pxh = 0x7f070657
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_556sp = 0x7f070656
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light = 0x7f08004e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_35pxv = 0x7f0703c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_555pxv = 0x7f070652
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_554pxv = 0x7f07064f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_552pxv = 0x7f070649
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_552pxh = 0x7f070648
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_719sp = 0x7f070875
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_551sp = 0x7f070647
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/google_api_key = 0x7f120057
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_644pxh = 0x7f07077a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_243sp = 0x7f070245
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_551pxv = 0x7f070646
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/activityChooserViewStyle = 0x7f040028
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarBackIconTintColor = 0x7f0602b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_551pxh = 0x7f070645
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemShapeInsetStart = 0x7f04025f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_550pxh = 0x7f070642
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_237pxh = 0x7f07022e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_54sp = 0x7f070641
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_855pxv = 0x7f070a39
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/inductor = 0x7f0800e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_54pxv = 0x7f070640
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/locale = 0x7f090154
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_549sp = 0x7f07063e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle1 = 0x7f1301e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_timepicker_secondary_text_button_text_color = 0x7f0601c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_482sp = 0x7f070560
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_549pxv = 0x7f07063d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1300c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_divider_heavy_thickness = 0x7f070c4c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f13030f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_549pxh = 0x7f07063c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_548sp = 0x7f07063b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_548pxv = 0x7f07063a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceTitleLarge = 0x7f04048e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_547sp = 0x7f070638
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout = 0x7f1303e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult = 0x7f130025
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_859pxh = 0x7f070a44
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_495pxv = 0x7f070589
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_547pxh = 0x7f070636
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/iss_corner_radius = 0x7f040242
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_685pxh = 0x7f070801
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_546pxv = 0x7f070634
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_546pxh = 0x7f070633
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorOnError = 0x7f04010f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_869pxv = 0x7f070a66
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_545pxh = 0x7f070630
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_735pxv = 0x7f0708aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_544sp = 0x7f07062f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f1302ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_544pxv = 0x7f07062e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_543pxv = 0x7f07062b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_543pxh = 0x7f07062a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_784pxh = 0x7f07094b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1302b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_542pxh = 0x7f070627
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_735sp = 0x7f0708ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_541pxh = 0x7f070624
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_bottomsheet_drag_handle = 0x7f080101
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_865pxv = 0x7f070a5a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/NavigationView = 0x7f14007e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Medium = 0x7f130155
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_617pxv = 0x7f070721
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_936pxv = 0x7f070ae0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_540sp = 0x7f070623
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_903pxv = 0x7f070ab6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_53pxh = 0x7f07061e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long4 = 0x7f0a0025
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_170pxv = 0x7f070151
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_538sp = 0x7f07061a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_538pxh = 0x7f070618
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate = 0x7f0b000d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_535pxv = 0x7f070610
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/btm_to = 0x7f0a0004
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_vertical_padding = 0x7f070d20
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_state_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070ca4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_600pxv = 0x7f0706eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_focused = 0x7f080090
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_534sp = 0x7f07060e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_534pxh = 0x7f07060c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_533sp = 0x7f07060b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f130221
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_533pxv = 0x7f07060a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_531sp = 0x7f070605
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_531pxv = 0x7f070604
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_531pxh = 0x7f070603
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_530sp = 0x7f070602
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter.Overflow = 0x7f1301af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_530pxh = 0x7f070600
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_52sp = 0x7f0705ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/cb_pay_paypal = 0x7f09009a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_52pxv = 0x7f0705fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/SHOW_PROGRESS = 0x7f09000d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f130397
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_52pxh = 0x7f0705fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_529pxv = 0x7f0705fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_528sp = 0x7f0705f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_528pxh = 0x7f0705f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_518pxh = 0x7f0705d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_527sp = 0x7f0705f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorSecondary = 0x7f040123
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_527pxv = 0x7f0705f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1101pxv = 0x7f070086
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_825pxv = 0x7f0709d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_526sp = 0x7f0705f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_526pxh = 0x7f0705f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_525sp = 0x7f0705f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070b60
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_525pxv = 0x7f0705ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/clear_text = 0x7f0900ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f14003a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_524sp = 0x7f0705ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_522sp = 0x7f0705e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_522pxv = 0x7f0705e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_778pxh = 0x7f070936
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_522pxh = 0x7f0705e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/endIconTintMode = 0x7f0401a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/constraint_referenced_tags = 0x7f040132
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_664pxv = 0x7f0707bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_521sp = 0x7f0705e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f130316
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_521pxv = 0x7f0705e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/cradle = 0x7f0900c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color = 0x7f06006c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_521pxh = 0x7f0705e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_520sp = 0x7f0705e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/checkedIconGravity = 0x7f0400b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_520pxv = 0x7f0705e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/deliver_new_add = 0x7f0900d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_740sp = 0x7f0708bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Material3.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f1301c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_520pxh = 0x7f0705df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_519sp = 0x7f0705db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame = 0x7f070bd6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor = 0x7f070b57
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_519pxv = 0x7f0705da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_632sp = 0x7f070755
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_519pxh = 0x7f0705d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_icon_size = 0x7f070c34
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_creator = 0x7f04027e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_518pxv = 0x7f0705d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_432sp = 0x7f0704bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_880pxv = 0x7f070a8d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/subheaderInsetEnd = 0x7f040439
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_31 = 0x7f090030
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_778sp = 0x7f070938
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/carouselGravity = 0x7f04009d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_517sp = 0x7f0705d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080048
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_335pxh = 0x7f070375
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_517pxh = 0x7f0705d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_clock_display_padding = 0x7f070ca9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_errorContainer = 0x7f06022f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_handle_opacity = 0x7f070c3d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/abc_tooltip_exit = 0x7f01000b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_516sp = 0x7f0705d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_945pxv = 0x7f070aec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_953pxv = 0x7f070af7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_516pxv = 0x7f0705d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_513sp = 0x7f0705c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Large = 0x7f13014d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/reg_mail = 0x7f0901ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_463sp = 0x7f070521
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08003b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f13024a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_selection_line_height = 0x7f070d0a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_selection = 0x7f120098
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/arcMode = 0x7f040038
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_513pxv = 0x7f0705c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_512sp = 0x7f0705c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_63pxv = 0x7f07076c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_512pxh = 0x7f0705c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/primary_dark_material_light = 0x7f0602a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_511pxv = 0x7f0705c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_511pxh = 0x7f0705c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_surface = 0x7f06019b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_510pxh = 0x7f0705be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_877pxh = 0x7f070a80
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_50sp = 0x7f0705bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_139pxh = 0x7f0700e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_710sp = 0x7f07085a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_93sp = 0x7f070ae6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_50pxv = 0x7f0705bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_50pxh = 0x7f0705bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_snackbar_min_width = 0x7f070bc0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_508pxv = 0x7f0705b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_508pxh = 0x7f0705b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/middle = 0x7f090170
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Button.Icon = 0x7f130325
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_324pxv = 0x7f070352
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_material = 0x7f080066
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_507pxv = 0x7f0705b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/trackColorActive = 0x7f0404e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_506sp = 0x7f0705b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/requestItem = 0x7f0901f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/glide_custom_view_target_tag = 0x7f090111
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_506pxv = 0x7f0705b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_6sp = 0x7f070836
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/borderRoundPercent = 0x7f04006a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_505sp = 0x7f0705ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070d10
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_505pxv = 0x7f0705ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_504sp = 0x7f0705ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_503pxv = 0x7f0705a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f13022b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_502pxv = 0x7f0705a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_501sp = 0x7f0705a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_501pxv = 0x7f0705a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_501pxh = 0x7f0705a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f130304
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/pathRelative = 0x7f0901d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_list_longpressed_holo = 0x7f08004a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_navigation_padding_bottom = 0x7f070bb8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_500sp = 0x7f07059f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialDividerHeavyStyle = 0x7f0402f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_542pxv = 0x7f070628
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_500pxv = 0x7f07059e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_size = 0x7f070d4f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_4sp = 0x7f07059c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$ic_launcher_foreground__0 = 0x7f080006
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_246sp = 0x7f07024e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_4pxv = 0x7f07059b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material = 0x7f070b72
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_72pxh = 0x7f070897
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1039pxv = 0x7f070030
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_441pxv = 0x7f0704d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_49sp = 0x7f070599
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_49pxv = 0x7f070598
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_455pxh = 0x7f070504
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_49pxh = 0x7f070597
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_499pxv = 0x7f070595
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_497pxv = 0x7f07058f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_504pxh = 0x7f0705a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_533pxh = 0x7f070609
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_497pxh = 0x7f07058e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_496sp = 0x7f07058d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_496pxv = 0x7f07058c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/iss_unselected_dot = 0x7f04024b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_494pxv = 0x7f070586
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/disableIntraAutoTransition = 0x7f0900df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_494pxh = 0x7f070585
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.LargeComponent = 0x7f130158
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_6pxh = 0x7f070834
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_434sp = 0x7f0704c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width = 0x7f070b9b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_small = 0x7f070d66
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_493sp = 0x7f070584
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_492sp = 0x7f070581
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_330pxv = 0x7f070367
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/indicator = 0x7f090132
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_492pxv = 0x7f070580
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_492pxh = 0x7f07057f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_491pxv = 0x7f07057d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_490sp = 0x7f07057b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_61pxh = 0x7f070729
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_416pxv = 0x7f070484
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_490pxv = 0x7f07057a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_48sp = 0x7f070578
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_48pxh = 0x7f070576
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_489pxh = 0x7f070573
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_488sp = 0x7f070572
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_297pxh = 0x7f0702f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/masked = 0x7f090158
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f13022d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_488pxv = 0x7f070571
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/START = 0x7f09000e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_488pxh = 0x7f070570
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_865pxh = 0x7f070a59
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_487pxh = 0x7f07056d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_486sp = 0x7f07056c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/inward = 0x7f090137
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_485sp = 0x7f070569
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_485pxh = 0x7f070567
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_outline = 0x7f060161
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_end = 0x7f070c5f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_810pxv = 0x7f0709a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_484pxv = 0x7f070565
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1300a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/notification_media_cancel_action = 0x7f0c0080
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_484pxh = 0x7f070564
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_990pxv = 0x7f070b28
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_481sp = 0x7f07055d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_480pxh = 0x7f070558
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/add_to_cart = 0x7f090051
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthNavigationButton = 0x7f1303ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_47sp = 0x7f070557
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_503pxh = 0x7f0705a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_47pxv = 0x7f070556
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/boxStrokeWidthFocused = 0x7f04007f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_navIconTint = 0x7f040361
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_134sp = 0x7f0700da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_47pxh = 0x7f070555
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_479pxv = 0x7f070553
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_479pxh = 0x7f070552
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity = 0x7f070bd7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_478pxh = 0x7f07054f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/php = 0x7f08013a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f13003e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/design_navigation_menu_item = 0x7f0c003e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_477pxh = 0x7f07054c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_835pxh = 0x7f0709f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_648pxh = 0x7f070786
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_475pxv = 0x7f070547
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_831sp = 0x7f0709ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_474sp = 0x7f070545
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_473sp = 0x7f070542
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_942pxv = 0x7f070ae9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_473pxv = 0x7f070541
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/maxWidth = 0x7f04030b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f06006f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_472sp = 0x7f07053f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_471sp = 0x7f07053c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f13006e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_471pxv = 0x7f07053b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_523pxh = 0x7f0705e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_46sp = 0x7f070536
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabIconTintMode = 0x7f04044e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_46pxh = 0x7f070534
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_469sp = 0x7f070533
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceButton = 0x7f040471
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_469pxh = 0x7f070531
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_468pxv = 0x7f07052f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_468pxh = 0x7f07052e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/csharp = 0x7f08009f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1014pxv = 0x7f070011
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_467pxh = 0x7f07052b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_466sp = 0x7f07052a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_465pxh = 0x7f070525
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_z = 0x7f070ce3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_464pxh = 0x7f070522
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger_large = 0x7f070be3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_777pxh = 0x7f070933
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f1300b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_463pxh = 0x7f07051f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_40sp = 0x7f070470
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_462sp = 0x7f07051e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f130303
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_692pxv = 0x7f07081a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_462pxv = 0x7f07051d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_555sp = 0x7f070653
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_462pxh = 0x7f07051c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_461pxh = 0x7f070519
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_460sp = 0x7f070518
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_358pxh = 0x7f0703c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_609pxv = 0x7f070706
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_460pxh = 0x7f070516
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_45sp = 0x7f070515
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_45pxv = 0x7f070514
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_45pxh = 0x7f070513
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_459pxh = 0x7f070510
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/rotationCenterId = 0x7f0403d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_947pxv = 0x7f070aee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_458sp = 0x7f07050f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_458pxv = 0x7f07050e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_48pxv = 0x7f070577
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_457sp = 0x7f07050c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_456pxh = 0x7f070507
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_455pxv = 0x7f070505
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/flow_verticalGap = 0x7f0401f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_107sp = 0x7f070067
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/carousel_default_placeholder = 0x7f080085
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_452pxv = 0x7f0704fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_451pxh = 0x7f0704f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Design.CollapsingToolbar.Expanded = 0x7f1301ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f130176
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_450sp = 0x7f0704f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_calendar_main_pane = 0x7f090188
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_450pxv = 0x7f0704f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_11sp = 0x7f0700aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_44pxv = 0x7f0704f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textColorSearchUrl = 0x7f040497
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_44pxh = 0x7f0704f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_449sp = 0x7f0704f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_449pxv = 0x7f0704f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/m3_selection_control_ripple = 0x7f0800f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_449pxh = 0x7f0704ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_448sp = 0x7f0704ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_791sp = 0x7f070965
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_448pxv = 0x7f0704ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_indeterminate = 0x7f120091
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_448pxh = 0x7f0704ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/launchSingleTop = 0x7f040272
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_447sp = 0x7f0704eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_255pxv = 0x7f07026b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/round_corners = 0x7f080145
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_447pxv = 0x7f0704ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet = 0x7f13031f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_763pxh = 0x7f070906
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_446sp = 0x7f0704e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f130066
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_446pxh = 0x7f0704e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_444pxv = 0x7f0704e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemFillColor = 0x7f04024e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_444pxh = 0x7f0704e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_chevron_left = 0x7f0800c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_443pxv = 0x7f0704de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mt_editText = 0x7f09017e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/cornerSizeTopRight = 0x7f040151
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_443pxh = 0x7f0704dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_441sp = 0x7f0704d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_441pxh = 0x7f0704d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1036pxv = 0x7f07002d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_end = 0x7f070cce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomEnd = 0x7f040078
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral70 = 0x7f06010e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_440sp = 0x7f0704d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_440pxv = 0x7f0704d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f13006d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_43pxv = 0x7f0704d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_853sp = 0x7f070a34
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_action_name_favourite = 0x7f0800be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderDivider = 0x7f1303e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_43pxh = 0x7f0704d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_switch_track_width = 0x7f070c47
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/navigation_drawer_open = 0x7f1200c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_165sp = 0x7f070140
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_439sp = 0x7f0704d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_862pxv = 0x7f070a51
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_439pxv = 0x7f0704cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f13018a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/orders = 0x7f080137
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_716sp = 0x7f07086c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_439pxh = 0x7f0704ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_438pxv = 0x7f0704cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionEasingLinear = 0x7f040334
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_459pxv = 0x7f070511
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_438pxh = 0x7f0704cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f1303c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_437sp = 0x7f0704ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_surface = 0x7f060183
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_430sp = 0x7f0704b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/dragLeft = 0x7f0900e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_437pxv = 0x7f0704c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_437pxh = 0x7f0704c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionOverflowMenuStyle = 0x7f040023
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_952pxv = 0x7f070af6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textInputFilledDenseStyle = 0x7f04049a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_436pxv = 0x7f0704c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_436pxh = 0x7f0704c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_prepend_shortcut_label = 0x7f120011
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_766pxh = 0x7f07090f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_slider_widget_height = 0x7f070d74
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/ifTagNotSet = 0x7f040227
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_429pxh = 0x7f0704ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_435sp = 0x7f0704c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material = 0x7f070b43
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/Transform = 0x7f1400a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/drawerLayoutCornerSize = 0x7f04018d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_434pxv = 0x7f0704c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/cornerFamilyTopRight = 0x7f04014b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_822pxv = 0x7f0709cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_434pxh = 0x7f0704bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_433sp = 0x7f0704be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_60sp = 0x7f07070a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_433pxv = 0x7f0704bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_540pxh = 0x7f070621
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodyMedium = 0x7f1301b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_433pxh = 0x7f0704bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_material = 0x7f070b83
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_btn_colored_material = 0x7f08002a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_42sp = 0x7f0704b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_874pxh = 0x7f070a77
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_42pxv = 0x7f0704b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/contentPaddingLeft = 0x7f04013f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_42pxh = 0x7f0704b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1083pxv = 0x7f07006b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_428sp = 0x7f0704ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/fallback_menu_item_share_link = 0x7f120052
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_428pxv = 0x7f0704ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080041
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_731pxv = 0x7f07089e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f1301d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_427sp = 0x7f0704a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_elevation = 0x7f070c2f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_788pxh = 0x7f070957
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_427pxv = 0x7f0704a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_426sp = 0x7f0704a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_426pxv = 0x7f0704a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_426pxh = 0x7f0704a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_454pxv = 0x7f070502
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_425sp = 0x7f0704a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_568sp = 0x7f07067d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_425pxv = 0x7f0704a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f130232
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_773sp = 0x7f070929
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_424sp = 0x7f0704a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/activity_home = 0x7f0c0021
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/carousel = 0x7f09008a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_610pxv = 0x7f07070c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_424pxv = 0x7f07049f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_423sp = 0x7f07049d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f130016
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_270pxv = 0x7f07029e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_423pxv = 0x7f07049c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_235pxv = 0x7f070229
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f070d1c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/radioButtonStyle = 0x7f0403c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_chip_background_color = 0x7f06008e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_423pxh = 0x7f07049b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/flow_padding = 0x7f0401ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_422pxv = 0x7f070499
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/notification_tile_bg = 0x7f080135
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_422pxh = 0x7f070498
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_to_unchecked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f08007b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_104pxh = 0x7f07003e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_421sp = 0x7f070497
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_421pxv = 0x7f070496
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused = 0x7f060045
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_281pxv = 0x7f0702c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_442sp = 0x7f0704dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_420pxv = 0x7f070493
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_primaryContainer = 0x7f060241
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_656pxv = 0x7f0707a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_420pxh = 0x7f070492
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_419sp = 0x7f07048e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_418pxv = 0x7f07048a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_704pxh = 0x7f070843
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_417pxh = 0x7f070486
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_elevation = 0x7f070d30
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_badge_horizontal_offset = 0x7f070be8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_416pxh = 0x7f070483
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_415sp = 0x7f070482
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_414sp = 0x7f07047f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_414pxv = 0x7f07047e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010025
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/design_navigation_view = 0x7f0900da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title.Inverse = 0x7f130198
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_413pxh = 0x7f07047a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_412pxh = 0x7f070477
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_411sp = 0x7f070476
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked = 0x7f080108
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/common_google_play_services_update_text = 0x7f12003a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopStart = 0x7f04007b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_411pxh = 0x7f070474
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_585pxh = 0x7f0706b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_40pxv = 0x7f07046f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/never = 0x7f0901a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/suggestionRowLayout = 0x7f040445
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_409pxh = 0x7f07046b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_408sp = 0x7f07046a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_477sp = 0x7f07054e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_407sp = 0x7f070467
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.Colored = 0x7f1303b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_407pxv = 0x7f070466
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/material_motion_duration_short_1 = 0x7f0a0036
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_407pxh = 0x7f070465
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f080007
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_track_color = 0x7f0d003b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/rightToLeft = 0x7f0901f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1103pxv = 0x7f070088
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_405pxv = 0x7f070460
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_210pxv = 0x7f0701d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_661pxh = 0x7f0707b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_switch_track_path = 0x7f1200bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_405pxh = 0x7f07045f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_404sp = 0x7f07045e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary90 = 0x7f060144
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_404pxv = 0x7f07045d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_404pxh = 0x7f07045c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_403sp = 0x7f07045b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_403pxv = 0x7f07045a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_787sp = 0x7f070956
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_403pxh = 0x7f070459
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_781sp = 0x7f070944
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_402sp = 0x7f070458
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_384pxv = 0x7f070418
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_402pxv = 0x7f070457
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_up = 0x7f08010f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_128sp = 0x7f0700c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_normal = 0x7f080091
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_62pxv = 0x7f07074b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1080pxv = 0x7f070068
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_402pxh = 0x7f070456
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.Handle.Shape = 0x7f130147
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/childCardView = 0x7f0900a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_780pxv = 0x7f070940
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabPaddingBottom = 0x7f04045b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_401pxv = 0x7f070454
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_401pxh = 0x7f070453
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_617pxh = 0x7f070720
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_400sp = 0x7f070452
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_400pxv = 0x7f070451
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_corner = 0x7f070d1d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_3pxv = 0x7f07044e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_3pxh = 0x7f07044d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/triggerId = 0x7f0404f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_39sp = 0x7f07044c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_39pxv = 0x7f07044b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_39pxh = 0x7f07044a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_399pxv = 0x7f070448
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_399pxh = 0x7f070447
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/otp_background = 0x7f080138
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_default = 0x7f070d83
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_397sp = 0x7f070443
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_397pxv = 0x7f070442
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f070c85
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/asConfigured = 0x7f090064
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_397pxh = 0x7f070441
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1076pxv = 0x7f070061
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_396sp = 0x7f070440
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_396pxv = 0x7f07043f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_396pxh = 0x7f07043e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f130063
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_395sp = 0x7f07043d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/cart_quantity = 0x7f09008f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_395pxh = 0x7f07043b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f130072
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_394sp = 0x7f07043a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_394pxh = 0x7f070438
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_393sp = 0x7f070437
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f06021c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/clock_face_margin_start = 0x7f070b8f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_393pxh = 0x7f070435
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_980pxv = 0x7f070b1b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_392sp = 0x7f070434
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/parentLogoIv = 0x7f0901ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/linearRowgoogle = 0x7f09014f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_switch_track_decoration_path = 0x7f1200bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_392pxh = 0x7f070432
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_9 = 0x7f090036
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_335sp = 0x7f070377
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_back_animated = 0x7f0800c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f13040a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_391sp = 0x7f070431
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintStart_toStartOf = 0x7f04029d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/wavePhase = 0x7f040509
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionProgress = 0x7f040345
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/verticalOffsetWithText = 0x7f0404fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_391pxh = 0x7f07042f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/bottomSheetStyle = 0x7f040074
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_390sp = 0x7f07042e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_317pxh = 0x7f070339
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_390pxv = 0x7f07042d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_263pxh = 0x7f070285
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_389sp = 0x7f070428
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutLargeSize = 0x7f0400fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/snackbarButtonStyle = 0x7f04040f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_643pxh = 0x7f070777
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/badgeGravity = 0x7f040053
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_387pxh = 0x7f070420
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/constraintLayout = 0x7f0900b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Outlined = 0x7f130337
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_386sp = 0x7f07041f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_696pxv = 0x7f070826
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_padding_bottom = 0x7f070bf1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_890pxv = 0x7f070aa3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_418pxh = 0x7f070489
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_674sp = 0x7f0707df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderTitle = 0x7f130373
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_385sp = 0x7f07041c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f13006b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_385pxv = 0x7f07041b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fontWeight = 0x7f040200
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_629pxv = 0x7f070748
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_385pxh = 0x7f07041a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_233pxv = 0x7f070223
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral10 = 0x7f0600b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_383sp = 0x7f070416
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/action_bar_title = 0x7f090042
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f13018e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$avd_show_password__0 = 0x7f080003
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_477pxv = 0x7f07054d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_383pxh = 0x7f070414
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_382pxv = 0x7f070412
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_678sp = 0x7f0707eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_382pxh = 0x7f070411
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/grouping = 0x7f090116
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/iconTintMode = 0x7f040225
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_381sp = 0x7f070410
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonPrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_864sp = 0x7f070a58
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/normal = 0x7f0901b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_37pxv = 0x7f070409
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_249pxv = 0x7f070256
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ActivityFilter = 0x7f140006
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/activity_confirm_order = 0x7f0c001f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_379pxh = 0x7f070405
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_378pxv = 0x7f070403
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/state_with_icon = 0x7f040431
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_slider_halo_radius = 0x7f070d6c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorPrimaryDark = 0x7f04011e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_378pxh = 0x7f070402
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_123pxv = 0x7f0700b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/lineSpacing = 0x7f0402c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010015
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/no_interntet = 0x7f080129
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_377pxv = 0x7f070400
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_354pxh = 0x7f0703b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_554sp = 0x7f070650
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f130290
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_376sp = 0x7f0703fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialButtonOutlinedStyle = 0x7f0402df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_primary20 = 0x7f0601e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_376pxv = 0x7f0703fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_376pxh = 0x7f0703fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/checkedButton = 0x7f0400b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_error50 = 0x7f0600ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_375sp = 0x7f0703fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_976pxv = 0x7f070b14
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_906pxv = 0x7f070ab9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_372pxv = 0x7f0703f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_578pxh = 0x7f07069c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_370sp = 0x7f0703ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_345sp = 0x7f070398
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_147pxv = 0x7f070103
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_370pxv = 0x7f0703eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_204sp = 0x7f0701c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.InternalGroup = 0x7f130139
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_370pxh = 0x7f0703ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1301ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/ratingBarStyle = 0x7f0403c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_header_material = 0x7f070b82
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_icon_padding = 0x7f070c07
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_369sp = 0x7f0703e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary99 = 0x7f060146
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_769pxv = 0x7f070919
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_476pxv = 0x7f07054a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/alertDialogCenterButtons = 0x7f04002b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_207sp = 0x7f0701cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_367sp = 0x7f0703e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_367pxh = 0x7f0703de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/boxBackgroundMode = 0x7f040076
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_366sp = 0x7f0703dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_366pxv = 0x7f0703dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_366pxh = 0x7f0703db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_364pxv = 0x7f0703d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_277sp = 0x7f0702b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/floating = 0x7f090109
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1058pxv = 0x7f070049
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_364pxh = 0x7f0703d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f130098
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_753pxv = 0x7f0708e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_689pxv = 0x7f07080e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_top_material = 0x7f070b66
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Design.Hint = 0x7f1301b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_secondary80 = 0x7f0601fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_359sp = 0x7f0703c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_error90 = 0x7f060103
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_359pxv = 0x7f0703c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_extended_fab_end_padding = 0x7f070c4f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f070d3c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorPrimarySurface = 0x7f040120
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/bottomAppBarStyle = 0x7f04006d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_358sp = 0x7f0703c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_358pxv = 0x7f0703c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_548pxh = 0x7f070639
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/btn_radio_off_to_on_mtrl_animation = 0x7f08007f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_weight = 0x7f040295
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_356sp = 0x7f0703bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_398pxh = 0x7f070444
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_372pxh = 0x7f0703f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_593pxv = 0x7f0706d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/barrierAllowsGoneWidgets = 0x7f04005a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_356pxv = 0x7f0703bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_674pxv = 0x7f0707de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_y2 = 0x7f070c95
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_356pxh = 0x7f0703ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_primary = 0x7f0601a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_767pxh = 0x7f070912
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/CardView.Dark = 0x7f130110
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorOnPrimary = 0x7f040111
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_tertiary99 = 0x7f06020c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_353pxv = 0x7f0703b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_536pxh = 0x7f070612
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f130032
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_352pxv = 0x7f0703af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_1 = 0x7f090018
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_maximum_default_fullscreen_minor_axis = 0x7f070d0f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_choice_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f06027a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_351pxh = 0x7f0703ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_91sp = 0x7f070acc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_10pxv = 0x7f070083
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/popupMenuBackground = 0x7f0403ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_350sp = 0x7f0703aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/btn_previous = 0x7f090080
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f070d48
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_129pxh = 0x7f0700c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_352pxh = 0x7f0703ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_879pxh = 0x7f070a86
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_859sp = 0x7f070a46
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_349pxv = 0x7f0703a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_63pxh = 0x7f07076b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f13023d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_265pxv = 0x7f07028c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_627pxh = 0x7f070741
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_360sp = 0x7f0703cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/primary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f0602a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_511sp = 0x7f0705c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_347pxh = 0x7f07039c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_346sp = 0x7f07039b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_557sp = 0x7f070659
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_419pxh = 0x7f07048c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_279pxv = 0x7f0702b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_344pxv = 0x7f070394
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_344pxh = 0x7f070393
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_calendar_frame = 0x7f090187
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents = 0x7f13015d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_342pxv = 0x7f07038e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_342pxh = 0x7f07038d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_295pxh = 0x7f0702ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_131pxv = 0x7f0700d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_341pxv = 0x7f07038b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f13012f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/flow_maxElementsWrap = 0x7f0401ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/bottom_sheet_slide_duration = 0x7f0a0003
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_341pxh = 0x7f07038a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_340pxv = 0x7f070388
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Platform.MaterialComponents = 0x7f130129
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_error95 = 0x7f060104
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_dark_default_color_on_error = 0x7f06004e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_340pxh = 0x7f070387
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_33sp = 0x7f070386
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_668pxv = 0x7f0707c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialTimePickerTitleStyle = 0x7f040302
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textBackground = 0x7f040491
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_33pxv = 0x7f070385
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/boxStrokeColor = 0x7f04007c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/action_my_cart = 0x7f09004c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f130036
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_870sp = 0x7f070a6d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_33pxh = 0x7f070384
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/tag_screen_reader_focusable = 0x7f09024d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_339pxh = 0x7f070381
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/material_minute_selection = 0x7f120073
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__1 = 0x7f080016
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/methodName = 0x7f040310
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_surface_variant = 0x7f0601a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_icon_tint = 0x7f06006d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_338pxv = 0x7f07037f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_height = 0x7f070cf9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_574sp = 0x7f070692
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_337sp = 0x7f07037d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/barLength = 0x7f040059
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_334pxv = 0x7f070373
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/fragment_close_exit = 0x7f020006
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_290sp = 0x7f0702e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motion_postLayoutCollision = 0x7f040348
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_726sp = 0x7f07088d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_332pxv = 0x7f07036d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/transition_position = 0x7f09027a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_tint_btn_checkable = 0x7f060013
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_331sp = 0x7f07036b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_229sp = 0x7f070215
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f070d57
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f13018b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_330sp = 0x7f070368
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_330pxh = 0x7f070366
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_518sp = 0x7f0705d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/maxActionInlineWidth = 0x7f040304
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_32pxv = 0x7f070364
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_328sp = 0x7f07035f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/purple_200 = 0x7f0602ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_413sp = 0x7f07047c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/transition_scene_layoutid_cache = 0x7f09027b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_325pxh = 0x7f070354
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary80 = 0x7f0600e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_323pxv = 0x7f07034f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_103sp = 0x7f070033
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_21pxh = 0x7f0701f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_323pxh = 0x7f07034e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/design_navigation_item = 0x7f0c0039
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/checkedTextViewStyle = 0x7f0400be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_322pxv = 0x7f07034c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_570sp = 0x7f070686
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_321pxv = 0x7f070349
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/springStiffness = 0x7f04041e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_320pxv = 0x7f070346
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/cardview_dark_background = 0x7f060036
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_348sp = 0x7f0703a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body2 = 0x7f1301db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/finishPrimaryWithSecondary = 0x7f0401d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f130224
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_31sp = 0x7f070344
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_862pxh = 0x7f070a50
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/tv_details = 0x7f09027f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_803sp = 0x7f07098f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_450pxh = 0x7f0704f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_319sp = 0x7f070341
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_blue_grey_900 = 0x7f0601c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_badge_radius = 0x7f070cd4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_319pxv = 0x7f070340
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_318sp = 0x7f07033e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_318pxv = 0x7f07033d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_849sp = 0x7f070a25
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_317pxv = 0x7f07033a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height = 0x7f070b48
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f0c0074
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_348pxh = 0x7f07039f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/endIconMode = 0x7f04019f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f13020e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_316sp = 0x7f070338
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_211sp = 0x7f0701dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_view_invisible = 0x7f0a004e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_316pxh = 0x7f070336
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_elevation = 0x7f070d2e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/moveWhenScrollAtTop = 0x7f04034a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/fade_in_left = 0x7f01001c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/common_google_play_services_enable_button = 0x7f12002f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_326pxv = 0x7f070358
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_315sp = 0x7f070335
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/led_image = 0x7f0800eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/highlighted_text_material_light = 0x7f06007c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_315pxv = 0x7f070334
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/text_v = 0x7f090262
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_315pxh = 0x7f070333
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_173sp = 0x7f07015b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_314sp = 0x7f070332
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral60 = 0x7f06010d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_primary10 = 0x7f060121
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_711sp = 0x7f07085d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_130sp = 0x7f0700ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_313pxv = 0x7f07032e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_height = 0x7f070cfe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_313pxh = 0x7f07032d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_913pxv = 0x7f070ac3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_scrim_color = 0x7f060290
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_430pxv = 0x7f0704b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/startToEnd = 0x7f090239
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_312pxv = 0x7f07032b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_311pxv = 0x7f070328
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_311pxh = 0x7f070327
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_10sp = 0x7f070084
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_30pxv = 0x7f070322
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_outlined_stroke_color = 0x7f06028e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_190pxv = 0x7f070193
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/dividerThickness = 0x7f04017d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_625pxh = 0x7f07073b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/carouselPaddingBottom = 0x7f04009f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/flow_firstVerticalBias = 0x7f0401e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_309pxv = 0x7f07031f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_primary20 = 0x7f060123
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/match_constraint = 0x7f090159
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_308pxv = 0x7f07031c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/path_percent = 0x7f04039c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f06026c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_fab_icon_text_color_selector = 0x7f06027e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_307pxv = 0x7f070319
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialClockStyle = 0x7f0402f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_475pxh = 0x7f070546
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/elevationOverlayEnabled = 0x7f040199
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/child_item = 0x7f0c0030
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fabCradleVerticalOffset = 0x7f0401c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_368sp = 0x7f0703e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_306sp = 0x7f070317
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_wrapBehaviorInParent = 0x7f0402bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_306pxv = 0x7f070316
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f13009f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f06026a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_305pxv = 0x7f070313
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_dynamic_dark_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f060099
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_391pxv = 0x7f070430
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f13000a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/def_drawer_elevation = 0x7f070b99
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_534pxv = 0x7f07060d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_63sp = 0x7f07076d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabStyle = 0x7f040462
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_606pxh = 0x7f0706fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_selected = 0x7f1200a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_304pxh = 0x7f07030f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_191sp = 0x7f070197
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/submitBackground = 0x7f04043c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_302pxh = 0x7f070309
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0d0037
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_66pxh = 0x7f0707ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_2pxv = 0x7f070301
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_626sp = 0x7f070740
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_29sp = 0x7f0702ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_299sp = 0x7f0702fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/position = 0x7f0901d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/deltaPolarAngle = 0x7f04016f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_788sp = 0x7f070959
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_186pxh = 0x7f070183
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_298pxv = 0x7f0702f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_tertiary = 0x7f060175
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_297pxv = 0x7f0702f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_296pxh = 0x7f0702f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f060115
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_295sp = 0x7f0702f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_293pxv = 0x7f0702e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070c48
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f130079
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_primary70 = 0x7f0601ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_292sp = 0x7f0702e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/hintTextColor = 0x7f040218
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/dividerPadding = 0x7f04017c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_291pxv = 0x7f0702e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_289pxv = 0x7f0702da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_789sp = 0x7f07095c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f13040f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_289pxh = 0x7f0702d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary0 = 0x7f0600d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_31pxv = 0x7f070343
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minWidth = 0x7f070d8d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1300a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/horizontalOffset = 0x7f04021b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_287pxv = 0x7f0702d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/state_above_anchor = 0x7f040429
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary70 = 0x7f0600f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_287pxh = 0x7f0702d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f1300a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_286sp = 0x7f0702d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_832pxv = 0x7f0709ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_286pxv = 0x7f0702d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f080013
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_285sp = 0x7f0702cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_472pxh = 0x7f07053d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_18pxh = 0x7f07018f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_285pxh = 0x7f0702cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_401sp = 0x7f070455
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f130123
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_283pxh = 0x7f0702c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1079pxv = 0x7f070064
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_extended_fab_icon_padding = 0x7f070c50
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_756pxv = 0x7f0708ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_764sp = 0x7f07090b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/cplusplus = 0x7f08009d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_834sp = 0x7f0709f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_282pxh = 0x7f0702c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_498pxh = 0x7f070591
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_305sp = 0x7f070314
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_726pxv = 0x7f07088c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_607pxv = 0x7f070700
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/allowStacking = 0x7f04002e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_tertiary_container = 0x7f060195
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_806pxh = 0x7f070996
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1040pxv = 0x7f070034
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/closeIconSize = 0x7f0400f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_264pxv = 0x7f070289
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_281pxh = 0x7f0702c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_165pxh = 0x7f07013e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tooltipStyle = 0x7f0404d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_textfield_stroke_color = 0x7f0601b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_280pxh = 0x7f0702be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_clock_hand_stroke_width = 0x7f070cad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_279pxh = 0x7f0702b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary0 = 0x7f0600df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f130088
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/activity_new_user = 0x7f0c0024
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_248pxh = 0x7f070252
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_276pxv = 0x7f0702b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_348pxv = 0x7f0703a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_275pxv = 0x7f0702ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/path_password_eye_mask_visible = 0x7f1200cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_274sp = 0x7f0702ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_272sp = 0x7f0702a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_882pxv = 0x7f070a93
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_321pxh = 0x7f070348
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/capacitor = 0x7f080084
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_272pxv = 0x7f0702a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_232pxv = 0x7f070220
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_271pxv = 0x7f0702a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070d1f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_268pxv = 0x7f070295
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_489pxv = 0x7f070574
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f130283
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_266sp = 0x7f070290
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/track = 0x7f0404e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_266pxv = 0x7f07028f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/processor = 0x7f08013d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_858pxv = 0x7f070a42
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_304pxv = 0x7f070310
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/flow_lastHorizontalStyle = 0x7f0401eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/selection_type = 0x7f090216
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_296sp = 0x7f0702f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_navigation_item_background_color = 0x7f060288
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_236sp = 0x7f07022d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_264sp = 0x7f07028a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_798sp = 0x7f07097a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_group_name = 0x7f120089
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_viewport_center_coordinate = 0x7f0a0048
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_263pxv = 0x7f070286
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_261sp = 0x7f070281
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate = 0x7f120069
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_432pxh = 0x7f0704b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_152pxv = 0x7f070115
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f0601e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarTextColor = 0x7f0602c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_261pxv = 0x7f070280
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/Snackbar = 0x7f140090
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding_icon = 0x7f070d32
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_primary_container = 0x7f0601a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_260sp = 0x7f07027e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f13024e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_elevated_chip_background_color = 0x7f0600a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_260pxh = 0x7f07027c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_default_color_on_error = 0x7f06005b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_25pxh = 0x7f070279
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_659pxh = 0x7f0707aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_259pxh = 0x7f070276
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_calendar_item_stroke_color = 0x7f060087
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_258pxh = 0x7f070273
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton = 0x7f130267
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f130184
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_79pxv = 0x7f07097f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_257sp = 0x7f070272
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabSelectedTextColor = 0x7f040461
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_67pxv = 0x7f0707f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_2pxh = 0x7f070300
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_257pxh = 0x7f070270
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_438sp = 0x7f0704cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_2 = 0x7f090023
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_256pxv = 0x7f07026e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_256pxh = 0x7f07026d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_293pxh = 0x7f0702e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_240sp = 0x7f07023c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_255sp = 0x7f07026c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_onErrorContainer = 0x7f060253
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_menu_function_shortcut_label = 0x7f12000c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_254sp = 0x7f070269
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_253pxh = 0x7f070264
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_251pxh = 0x7f07025e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080058
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_250pxv = 0x7f07025c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_250pxh = 0x7f07025b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_5pxv = 0x7f0706e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_249sp = 0x7f070257
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_312pxh = 0x7f07032a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_248pxv = 0x7f070253
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f06014a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_247pxv = 0x7f070250
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_scrollFlags = 0x7f0402b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_navIconEnabled = 0x7f040360
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_247pxh = 0x7f07024f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionEasingDecelerated = 0x7f04032f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_246pxh = 0x7f07024c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/elevationOverlayColor = 0x7f040198
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_245sp = 0x7f07024b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mock_showDiagonals = 0x7f04031b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/windowFixedHeightMinor = 0x7f040510
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/drawableTopCompat = 0x7f04018b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_244sp = 0x7f070248
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_handle_color = 0x7f0d0022
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f0c007a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_244pxh = 0x7f070246
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintWidth_max = 0x7f0402a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_241pxh = 0x7f07023d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/browser_actions_context_menu_max_width = 0x7f070b8a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_265pxh = 0x7f07028b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceDisplaySmall = 0x7f040475
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_240pxv = 0x7f07023b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_top = 0x7f070c61
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_357pxh = 0x7f0703bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_460pxv = 0x7f070517
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/iss_text_align = 0x7f040249
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/circularProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f0400de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_240pxh = 0x7f07023a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textInputOutlinedExposedDropdownMenuStyle = 0x7f04049f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_secondary40 = 0x7f0601f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_239pxh = 0x7f070234
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_184sp = 0x7f07017f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f13009d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1049pxv = 0x7f07003d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_238pxv = 0x7f070232
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/skipped = 0x7f090221
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_238pxh = 0x7f070231
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/cardElevation = 0x7f040096
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_844pxh = 0x7f070a14
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_233pxh = 0x7f070222
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_textinput_caption_translate_y = 0x7f070bc9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_29pxh = 0x7f0702fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_209pxh = 0x7f0701d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_687sp = 0x7f070809
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_503sp = 0x7f0705a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_235sp = 0x7f07022a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_362pxv = 0x7f0703d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_893pxv = 0x7f070aa6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemPadding = 0x7f040256
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_745sp = 0x7f0708cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_221sp = 0x7f0701fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_234sp = 0x7f070227
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_secondary100 = 0x7f0601f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_524pxv = 0x7f0705ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/listPreferredItemHeightLarge = 0x7f0402cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_234pxv = 0x7f070226
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fastScrollEnabled = 0x7f0401cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f1303a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_329pxh = 0x7f070360
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_754sp = 0x7f0708ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_outline = 0x7f0601a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1302e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark = 0x7f06002c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_capital_on = 0x7f120007
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_814sp = 0x7f0709b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_232pxh = 0x7f07021f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_455sp = 0x7f070506
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_249pxh = 0x7f070255
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_231pxv = 0x7f07021d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material = 0x7f0c0008
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_231pxh = 0x7f07021c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_230sp = 0x7f07021b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_64pxh = 0x7f07078c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/sin = 0x7f09021f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/thumbColor = 0x7f0404ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_230pxv = 0x7f07021a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_22pxh = 0x7f070216
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_373pxv = 0x7f0703f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f060116
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/indeterminateAnimationType = 0x7f040232
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_262pxh = 0x7f070282
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_228sp = 0x7f070212
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f13020f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/notification_bg_low = 0x7f08012d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_128pxv = 0x7f0700c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_51sp = 0x7f0705de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_15sp = 0x7f07012e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_228pxv = 0x7f070211
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/maxCharacterCount = 0x7f040306
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_227sp = 0x7f07020f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_283sp = 0x7f0702c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_switch_track_tint = 0x7f06014f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_227pxv = 0x7f07020e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_227pxh = 0x7f07020d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f130289
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/material_timepicker_text_input_mode_description = 0x7f120082
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_723pxv = 0x7f070883
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_226pxv = 0x7f07020b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/decor_content_parent = 0x7f0900cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_767sp = 0x7f070914
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_dynamic_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f06009e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ActivityNavigator = 0x7f140007
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_1000 = 0x7f0a0013
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_225sp = 0x7f070209
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1081pxv = 0x7f070069
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_195pxv = 0x7f0701a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f130297
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/graph = 0x7f090113
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_225pxv = 0x7f070208
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1089pxv = 0x7f070071
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_224sp = 0x7f070206
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_223sp = 0x7f070203
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_873sp = 0x7f070a76
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_159pxh = 0x7f070129
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/shortcutMatchRequired = 0x7f0403f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_223pxv = 0x7f070202
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width = 0x7f070b4e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/wi_fi_image = 0x7f0902a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_anchorGravity = 0x7f040278
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_360pxv = 0x7f0703ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_transition_shared_axis_slide_distance = 0x7f070d8f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/last = 0x7f090141
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f0601dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MaterialCalendarItem = 0x7f14005c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_fab_tertiary_container_color = 0x7f0d0014
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_221pxv = 0x7f0701fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary90 = 0x7f0600e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_278pxh = 0x7f0702b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/password_toggle_content_description = 0x7f1200cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_670pxv = 0x7f0707d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_grey_300 = 0x7f06020e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_220pxh = 0x7f0701f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog = 0x7f130272
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_width = 0x7f070d21
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toTopOf = 0x7f040281
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_213pxv = 0x7f0701e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_21pxv = 0x7f0701f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_218pxh = 0x7f0701ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarTextColorDark = 0x7f0602c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_m3_chip_check = 0x7f0800d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_568pxv = 0x7f07067c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_329pxv = 0x7f070361
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_vertical_padding = 0x7f070d01
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_215sp = 0x7f0701e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/toolbarNavigationButtonStyle = 0x7f0404d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_16pxh = 0x7f07014d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral90 = 0x7f0600c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_215pxv = 0x7f0701e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f130366
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_214sp = 0x7f0701e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_calendar_year = 0x7f0c006e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_219sp = 0x7f0701f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceBodyMedium = 0x7f04046f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f0601e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f13007c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_333pxh = 0x7f07036f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_214pxh = 0x7f0701e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_radiobutton_ripple_tint = 0x7f0600b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_782pxv = 0x7f070946
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_213sp = 0x7f0701e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/expandedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0401b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_213pxh = 0x7f0701e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/cart_name = 0x7f09008d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_17pxh = 0x7f07016e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_212pxh = 0x7f0701dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/RangeSlider = 0x7f140086
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_210pxh = 0x7f0701d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_20sp = 0x7f0701d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionDurationLong2 = 0x7f040323
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/google_storage_bucket = 0x7f12005a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_20pxh = 0x7f0701d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_width = 0x7f070b96
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_209pxv = 0x7f0701d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_right_black_24dp = 0x7f0800fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_362pxh = 0x7f0703cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_208sp = 0x7f0701d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/onTouchUp = 0x7f040388
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/notification_template_icon_low_bg = 0x7f080134
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_421pxh = 0x7f070495
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_208pxv = 0x7f0701cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1303a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f1302f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary100 = 0x7f06012f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1099pxv = 0x7f07007e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_208pxh = 0x7f0701ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_32pxh = 0x7f070363
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_758pxv = 0x7f0708f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0029
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/skipCollapsed = 0x7f090220
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_243pxh = 0x7f070243
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_32sp = 0x7f070365
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ViewBackgroundHelper = 0x7f1400a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/dragEnd = 0x7f0900e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f0601e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_207pxh = 0x7f0701cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_500pxh = 0x7f07059d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_166pxv = 0x7f070142
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral0 = 0x7f0601cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/search_mag_icon = 0x7f090210
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorContainer = 0x7f040106
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_245pxh = 0x7f070249
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/tag_transition_group = 0x7f09024f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_338pxh = 0x7f07037e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_206pxh = 0x7f0701c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_43sp = 0x7f0704d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_189pxh = 0x7f07018c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_205sp = 0x7f0701c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_527pxh = 0x7f0705f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/state_lifted = 0x7f040430
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_23sp = 0x7f070239
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_205pxh = 0x7f0701c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_59pxh = 0x7f0706e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:menu/bottom_menu = 0x7f0e0000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_58pxv = 0x7f0706c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130271
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_204pxh = 0x7f0701c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_102pxh = 0x7f070024
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_203pxh = 0x7f0701bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/view_offset_helper = 0x7f090295
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_202pxv = 0x7f0701bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/customNavigationLayout = 0x7f040161
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_202pxh = 0x7f0701bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_607pxh = 0x7f0706ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_290pxh = 0x7f0702df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_201pxh = 0x7f0701b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/layout = 0x7f090142
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_text_size_body_2_material = 0x7f070b78
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_30pxh = 0x7f070321
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_332pxh = 0x7f07036c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/contentPanel = 0x7f0900ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_radiobutton_button_tint = 0x7f0600b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/captionMargin = 0x7f040092
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_200pxh = 0x7f0701b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1pxv = 0x7f0701b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chipStartPadding = 0x7f0400ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1pxh = 0x7f0701b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/carouselPadding = 0x7f04009e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_173pxh = 0x7f070159
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_329sp = 0x7f070362
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_19pxh = 0x7f0701b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_197sp = 0x7f0701a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_child_content_container = 0x7f09018e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_681sp = 0x7f0707f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/argType = 0x7f040039
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral30 = 0x7f06010a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/BLOCK = 0x7f090001
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_170pxh = 0x7f070150
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_197pxh = 0x7f0701a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_secondary_container_color = 0x7f0d0005
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_83pxv = 0x7f070a06
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_196sp = 0x7f0701a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_559pxh = 0x7f07065d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f130367
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary60 = 0x7f0600d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_196pxh = 0x7f0701a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_195sp = 0x7f0701a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f130040
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_31pxh = 0x7f070342
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintGuide_end = 0x7f04028c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_195pxh = 0x7f0701a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_194pxv = 0x7f07019f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f130411
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/transitionShapeAppearance = 0x7f0404f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_bottom_sheet_max_width = 0x7f070ca8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_192pxh = 0x7f070198
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral99 = 0x7f0600c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_288pxv = 0x7f0702d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_18sp = 0x7f070191
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_793pxh = 0x7f070969
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/allStates = 0x7f090057
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/carouselBackground = 0x7f04009c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_122sp = 0x7f0700b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_147sp = 0x7f070104
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f13036e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/bright_foreground_material_light = 0x7f06002f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_18pxv = 0x7f070190
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_716pxv = 0x7f07086b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/action_container = 0x7f090043
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_188pxh = 0x7f070189
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_333sp = 0x7f070371
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1102pxv = 0x7f070087
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_185pxv = 0x7f070181
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/material_clockface_textview = 0x7f0c0055
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_608pxh = 0x7f070702
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/nav_default_pop_enter_anim = 0x7f01002a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_663sp = 0x7f0707bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_183sp = 0x7f07017c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_634pxv = 0x7f07075a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_595pxh = 0x7f0706d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_183pxv = 0x7f07017b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_183pxh = 0x7f07017a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_navigation = 0x7f0c006b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_182sp = 0x7f070179
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_792pxv = 0x7f070967
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_181pxh = 0x7f070174
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f06011e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintWidth_default = 0x7f0402a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_180pxv = 0x7f070172
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_57sp = 0x7f0706a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_805sp = 0x7f070995
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_180pxh = 0x7f070171
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_305pxh = 0x7f070312
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_179sp = 0x7f07016d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel.CenterStacked = 0x7f130122
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_178pxh = 0x7f070168
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_177sp = 0x7f070167
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_tabs_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f060295
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_177pxv = 0x7f070166
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_action_share = 0x7f0800c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_229pxh = 0x7f070213
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_177pxh = 0x7f070165
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_443sp = 0x7f0704df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_176pxv = 0x7f070163
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1301f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f070c0f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_176pxh = 0x7f070162
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_833pxh = 0x7f0709f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_57pxv = 0x7f0706a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_175pxv = 0x7f070160
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/floatingActionButtonLargePrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_174pxh = 0x7f07015c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_343pxv = 0x7f070391
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_604pxh = 0x7f0706f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/helperTextEnabled = 0x7f04020e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_83sp = 0x7f070a07
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabMinWidth = 0x7f040458
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:array/number = 0x7f030000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/nextButtonId = 0x7f04037b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_484sp = 0x7f070566
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_481pxv = 0x7f07055c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_381pxh = 0x7f07040e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/filled = 0x7f090101
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/prefixText = 0x7f0403b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_618pxv = 0x7f070724
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_16sp = 0x7f07014f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar.TextView = 0x7f130391
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_307pxh = 0x7f070318
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_169pxv = 0x7f07014b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_399sp = 0x7f070449
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_169pxh = 0x7f07014a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_chip_background_color = 0x7f060275
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f1302c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_168pxh = 0x7f070147
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__1 = 0x7f080010
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarIconColor = 0x7f0602ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_167sp = 0x7f070146
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_secondary_container = 0x7f060165
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/fitStart = 0x7f090104
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/m3_popupmenu_background_overlay = 0x7f0800ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_363sp = 0x7f0703d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_167pxv = 0x7f070145
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_424pxh = 0x7f07049e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/button_material_dark = 0x7f060034
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/editTextBackground = 0x7f040193
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_167pxh = 0x7f070144
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_166sp = 0x7f070143
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_417sp = 0x7f070488
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_165pxv = 0x7f07013f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_164sp = 0x7f07013d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceCaption = 0x7f040472
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Assist.Elevated = 0x7f13033a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0d0039
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/clockIcon = 0x7f0400ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_164pxv = 0x7f07013c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_163pxv = 0x7f070139
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_373pxh = 0x7f0703f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_item_tint = 0x7f060284
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_550sp = 0x7f070644
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_compact_width = 0x7f070d53
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_712pxv = 0x7f07085f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_978pxv = 0x7f070b16
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_fab_tertiary_icon_color = 0x7f0d0015
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_error = 0x7f06027c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_162sp = 0x7f070137
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_272pxh = 0x7f0702a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_badge_long_text_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070cd3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_24pxh = 0x7f070258
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_162pxv = 0x7f070136
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/placeholderText = 0x7f0403a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_160pxv = 0x7f070130
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_pressed = 0x7f060041
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_primary_container = 0x7f060170
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/background_floating_material_dark = 0x7f06001e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_377pxh = 0x7f0703ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_15pxv = 0x7f07012d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f070cdd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_15pxh = 0x7f07012c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_381pxv = 0x7f07040f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_158pxh = 0x7f070126
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_dark = 0x7f080045
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Icon = 0x7f1303c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_156sp = 0x7f070122
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_156pxh = 0x7f070120
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/subtitleTextColor = 0x7f040440
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/waveShape = 0x7f04050a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_365pxh = 0x7f0703d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_154pxh = 0x7f07011a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_153pxv = 0x7f070118
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_152pxh = 0x7f070114
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_638pxh = 0x7f070765
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_191pxh = 0x7f070195
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialDivider.Heavy = 0x7f13037d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_151sp = 0x7f070113
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_472pxv = 0x7f07053e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width = 0x7f070b42
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/circularflow_defaultRadius = 0x7f0400e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_progress_track_thickness = 0x7f070d68
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_150pxv = 0x7f07010f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_333pxv = 0x7f070370
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelLarge = 0x7f1301d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionBarPopupTheme = 0x7f040005
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_14pxh = 0x7f07010b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/action_divider = 0x7f090045
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerMedium = 0x7f0403f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_92pxh = 0x7f070ad7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_navigation_bar_item_with_indicator_label_tint = 0x7f0600ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_735pxh = 0x7f0708a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1072pxv = 0x7f07005d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_277pxh = 0x7f0702b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_128pxh = 0x7f0700c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_146sp = 0x7f070101
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/category_name = 0x7f090096
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_146pxv = 0x7f070100
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_466pxh = 0x7f070528
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f130419
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_145sp = 0x7f0700fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_slider_thumb_color = 0x7f06014d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed = 0x7f08011d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f140056
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_144sp = 0x7f0700fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/card = 0x7f090088
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/stackFromEnd = 0x7f040421
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_142pxh = 0x7f0700f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f13009e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_141sp = 0x7f0700f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_17pxv = 0x7f07016f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/endIconCheckable = 0x7f04019c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_141pxv = 0x7f0700f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_140sp = 0x7f0700ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_748sp = 0x7f0708d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/keyPositionType = 0x7f040269
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_13 = 0x7f09001c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_179pxh = 0x7f07016b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_140pxv = 0x7f0700ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_377sp = 0x7f070401
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_373sp = 0x7f0703f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_13pxh = 0x7f0700ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constrainedWidth = 0x7f04027d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_139sp = 0x7f0700e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_816pxv = 0x7f0709b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_140pxh = 0x7f0700ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/behavior_autoHide = 0x7f04005d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_136pxv = 0x7f0700df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionDurationLong1 = 0x7f040322
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_tabs_default_indicator = 0x7f080125
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_136pxh = 0x7f0700de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_223pxh = 0x7f070201
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f070c83
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_295pxv = 0x7f0702ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_274pxh = 0x7f0702a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_133pxv = 0x7f0700d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_132pxv = 0x7f0700d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelSmall = 0x7f1301c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/maxImageSize = 0x7f040308
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/design_bottom_sheet_dialog = 0x7f0c0033
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_131pxh = 0x7f0700cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_slider_thumb_color = 0x7f060227
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f060223
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_235pxh = 0x7f070228
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_background = 0x7f060196
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_outlined_icon_tint = 0x7f06028d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_130pxv = 0x7f0700cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f120064
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_12sp = 0x7f0700cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_631pxh = 0x7f070750
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_12pxh = 0x7f0700c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_progress_indicator_full_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f070d67
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_627sp = 0x7f070743
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_400pxh = 0x7f070450
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/floatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f0401df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/scale_with_alpha = 0x7f020027
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_664pxh = 0x7f0707bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_322sp = 0x7f07034d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1026pxv = 0x7f070020
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_127pxh = 0x7f0700c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf = 0x7f040298
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_scrim = 0x7f060242
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_125sp = 0x7f0700bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_primary_container = 0x7f060186
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark = 0x7f08004f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_124pxh = 0x7f0700b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_786pxv = 0x7f070952
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_69sp = 0x7f070833
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintGuide_percent = 0x7f04028d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/background_material_dark = 0x7f060020
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionBarTabTextStyle = 0x7f04000b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_336pxv = 0x7f070379
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/path = 0x7f0901d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_199pxh = 0x7f0701ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_122pxv = 0x7f0700b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f130291
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_121sp = 0x7f0700b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_121pxv = 0x7f0700af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/clockHandColor = 0x7f0400ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_120sp = 0x7f0700ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_757pxv = 0x7f0708f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/touchRegionId = 0x7f0404df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_120pxv = 0x7f0700ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_11pxh = 0x7f0700a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_use = 0x7f1200a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_119sp = 0x7f0700a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_119pxh = 0x7f0700a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_card_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0a0042
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_905pxv = 0x7f070ab8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/dragClockwise = 0x7f0900e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_129sp = 0x7f0700c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_118sp = 0x7f0700a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceLineHeightEnabled = 0x7f040483
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_118pxv = 0x7f0700a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_collapse_spec = 0x7f020021
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_117sp = 0x7f0700a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_673sp = 0x7f0707dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_117pxh = 0x7f07009f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_161pxh = 0x7f070132
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_tertiary = 0x7f060168
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral20 = 0x7f0600bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard = 0x7f060005
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/minTouchTargetSize = 0x7f040315
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.DayTextView = 0x7f13036c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_116pxv = 0x7f07009d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f1300a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f060053
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f13001a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_821sp = 0x7f0709cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_116pxh = 0x7f07009c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f130093
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/cardBackgroundColor = 0x7f040094
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_158sp = 0x7f070128
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_114pxh = 0x7f070096
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/isMaterial3DynamicColorApplied = 0x7f04023e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_113sp = 0x7f070095
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_111sp = 0x7f07008f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_tint = 0x7f060289
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_844sp = 0x7f070a16
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f130384
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_111pxh = 0x7f07008d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_107pxv = 0x7f070066
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_374sp = 0x7f0703f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/submit = 0x7f090241
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_110pxv = 0x7f07008b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_974pxv = 0x7f070b12
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f060113
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_285pxv = 0x7f0702ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/flow_firstVerticalStyle = 0x7f0401e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_16pxv = 0x7f07014e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_863pxv = 0x7f070a54
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_110pxh = 0x7f07008a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_editor_absoluteY = 0x7f0402ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textInputOutlinedDenseStyle = 0x7f04049e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_backIconTint = 0x7f04034c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/drawableLeftCompat = 0x7f040185
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_btn_check_material = 0x7f080026
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_114pxv = 0x7f070097
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_760sp = 0x7f0708ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_extra_small_family = 0x7f0d0047
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_deep_teal_500 = 0x7f0601ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1100pxv = 0x7f070085
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_457pxv = 0x7f07050b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f1300fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabRippleColor = 0x7f04045f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_10pxh = 0x7f070082
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/visible = 0x7f09029d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/searchViewStyle = 0x7f0403e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_109sp = 0x7f070081
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_502pxh = 0x7f0705a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_109pxv = 0x7f070080
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1098pxv = 0x7f07007d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1097pxv = 0x7f07007c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/badgeRadius = 0x7f040054
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_327pxv = 0x7f07035b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f130031
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1096pxv = 0x7f07007b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_padding_top = 0x7f070bf2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1095pxv = 0x7f07007a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout = 0x7f0c0012
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_non_touch = 0x7f070daa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/customFloatValue = 0x7f04015f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1094pxv = 0x7f070079
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/CENTER = 0x7f090004
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1093pxv = 0x7f070078
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_textinput_default_box_stroke_color = 0x7f06029b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1092pxv = 0x7f070077
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1091pxv = 0x7f070076
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_108sp = 0x7f070074
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f13027f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_902pxv = 0x7f070ab5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_108pxh = 0x7f070072
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_343sp = 0x7f070392
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_410sp = 0x7f070473
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/arrowShaftLength = 0x7f04003b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_search_url_text_selected = 0x7f060010
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1087pxv = 0x7f07006f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_867sp = 0x7f070a61
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1086pxv = 0x7f07006e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1082pxv = 0x7f07006a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon1 = 0x7f13013f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_550 = 0x7f0a001d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/notification = 0x7f08012a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/minWidth = 0x7f040316
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialTimePickerStyle = 0x7f040300
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_471pxh = 0x7f07053a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_107pxh = 0x7f070065
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/design_snackbar_out = 0x7f01001b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_823sp = 0x7f0709d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/fragment_fade_exit = 0x7f020008
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_793sp = 0x7f07096b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/animateRelativeTo = 0x7f040034
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/nav_default_pop_exit_anim = 0x7f01002b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/reactiveGuide_animateChange = 0x7f0403c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_319pxh = 0x7f07033f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_688pxv = 0x7f07080b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1077pxv = 0x7f070062
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/KeyTrigger = 0x7f14004f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_badge_with_text_radius = 0x7f070cd9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_text_size_body_1_material = 0x7f070b77
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1302ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_133pxh = 0x7f0700d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1075pxv = 0x7f070060
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_action_bar_up_description = 0x7f120001
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1074pxv = 0x7f07005f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_190sp = 0x7f070194
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_106sp = 0x7f07005a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f13012c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/homeAsUpIndicator = 0x7f040219
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_106pxv = 0x7f070059
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f1303ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_outlineVariant = 0x7f06025d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/embed = 0x7f0900f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_380pxv = 0x7f07040c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_medium = 0x7f070d80
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1068pxv = 0x7f070056
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemMinHeight = 0x7f040255
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1067pxv = 0x7f070055
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionDurationLong3 = 0x7f040324
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/action_mode_bar = 0x7f090049
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_medium = 0x7f060220
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_605sp = 0x7f0706fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1064pxv = 0x7f070052
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_513pxh = 0x7f0705c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_111pxv = 0x7f07008e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range = 0x7f0c007b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1063pxv = 0x7f070051
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1062pxv = 0x7f070050
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_192sp = 0x7f07019a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_389pxh = 0x7f070426
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1061pxv = 0x7f07004f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle = 0x7f0402a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_105sp = 0x7f07004d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f080020
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_641pxv = 0x7f070772
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/mtrl_card_state_list_anim = 0x7f020018
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_105pxv = 0x7f07004c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/activity_order_confirm = 0x7f0c0026
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_609pxh = 0x7f070705
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_105pxh = 0x7f07004b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_emphasis_disabled = 0x7f070cb8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemIconSize = 0x7f040252
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/flow_firstHorizontalStyle = 0x7f0401e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_24sp = 0x7f07025a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_keyline = 0x7f0402b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_325pxv = 0x7f070355
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1057pxv = 0x7f070048
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1056pxv = 0x7f070047
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/simpleItemSelectedRippleColor = 0x7f040408
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_354sp = 0x7f0703b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionTextColorAlpha = 0x7f040025
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_138sp = 0x7f0700e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_container_height = 0x7f070c39
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_192pxv = 0x7f070199
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_631sp = 0x7f070752
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_goneMarginEnd = 0x7f0402af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1051pxv = 0x7f070042
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/dayTodayStyle = 0x7f04016a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/overlay = 0x7f04038a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_99pxv = 0x7f070b33
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_342sp = 0x7f07038f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_default_color_secondary = 0x7f060062
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_86sp = 0x7f070a6a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/item_last_request = 0x7f0c004a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintGuide_begin = 0x7f04028b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_73pxv = 0x7f0708b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_104pxv = 0x7f07003f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_582pxv = 0x7f0706ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_primary90 = 0x7f0601f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_98pxv = 0x7f070b26
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1047pxv = 0x7f07003b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/viewTransitionOnCross = 0x7f040500
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionModeCloseButtonStyle = 0x7f040014
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1046pxv = 0x7f07003a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/theme = 0x7f0404ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1045pxv = 0x7f070039
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/drawableTint = 0x7f040189
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f130364
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Secondary = 0x7f130359
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_secondary = 0x7f060190
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1037pxv = 0x7f07002e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_720sp = 0x7f07087b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_309pxh = 0x7f07031e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1034pxv = 0x7f07002b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_845pxv = 0x7f070a18
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1031pxv = 0x7f070028
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_383pxv = 0x7f070415
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1030pxv = 0x7f070027
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year.Today = 0x7f13037a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/contentInsetLeft = 0x7f040138
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/topInsetScrimEnabled = 0x7f0404da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_102sp = 0x7f070026
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_262sp = 0x7f070284
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_102pxv = 0x7f070025
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f04025b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1029pxv = 0x7f070023
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/checkedIcon = 0x7f0400b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_302sp = 0x7f07030b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1024pxv = 0x7f07001e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialDivider = 0x7f13037c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1021pxv = 0x7f07001b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_53sp = 0x7f070620
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/input_background = 0x7f0800e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_star_small = 0x7f070b75
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_508sp = 0x7f0705b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_101sp = 0x7f070019
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineSmall = 0x7f04047e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1011pxv = 0x7f07000e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f0601df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_557pxv = 0x7f070658
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_210sp = 0x7f0701d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f130067
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_actions = 0x7f0c005f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_padding_left = 0x7f070c0c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_132sp = 0x7f0700d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/placeholderTextAppearance = 0x7f0403a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_121pxh = 0x7f0700ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f08002e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1302c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f130237
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f070c98
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/neverCompleteToStart = 0x7f0901aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/labelBehavior = 0x7f04026d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_711pxv = 0x7f07085c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_101pxh = 0x7f070017
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1019pxv = 0x7f070016
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_height = 0x7f070b9f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_465sp = 0x7f070527
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/listPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f0402ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_310sp = 0x7f070326
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1012pxv = 0x7f07000f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_742sp = 0x7f0708c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010019
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_35pxh = 0x7f0703c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/AppCompatEmojiHelper = 0x7f140010
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f13017b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon = 0x7f080104
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_major = 0x7f070b56
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_714pxh = 0x7f070864
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_4pxh = 0x7f07059a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_498pxv = 0x7f070592
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_109pxh = 0x7f07007f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_100sp = 0x7f07000c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemPaddingTop = 0x7f040258
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_29pxv = 0x7f0702fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_575pxh = 0x7f070693
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_100pxh = 0x7f07000a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_191pxv = 0x7f070196
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_content_description = 0x7f120094
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1009pxv = 0x7f070009
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_250sp = 0x7f07025d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f13020d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1008pxv = 0x7f070008
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1004pxv = 0x7f070004
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f130171
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_margin = 0x7f070d58
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1003pxv = 0x7f070003
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/fill_horizontal = 0x7f0900ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/material_clock_period_am_button = 0x7f09015e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_173pxv = 0x7f07015a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1302cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f13008d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_667pxh = 0x7f0707c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf = 0x7f040297
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1059pxv = 0x7f07004a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/counterMaxLength = 0x7f040153
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1002pxv = 0x7f070002
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/enforceMaterialTheme = 0x7f0401a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_287sp = 0x7f0702d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1000pxv = 0x7f070000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/yellow = 0x7f0602dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/white = 0x7f0602db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_467sp = 0x7f07052d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/tooltip_background_dark = 0x7f0602d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/paddingStart = 0x7f040390
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintTag = 0x7f04029e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mimeType = 0x7f040311
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_calendar_input_mode = 0x7f1200b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/teal_700 = 0x7f0602d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/black_900 = 0x7f060023
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger = 0x7f070be2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/switch_thumb_material_light = 0x7f0602d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_264pxh = 0x7f070288
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_722pxh = 0x7f07087f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/switch_thumb_material_dark = 0x7f0602d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/seed = 0x7f0602ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f1303d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_8pxv = 0x7f070ab1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_238sp = 0x7f070233
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialCalendarHeaderDivider = 0x7f0402e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/elevation = 0x7f040196
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled.Tonal = 0x7f130269
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/hide_password_duration = 0x7f0a000b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_slider_halo_color = 0x7f060224
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f0602cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_650pxv = 0x7f070790
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_493pxh = 0x7f070582
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarTextHighlightColorDark = 0x7f0602c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarTextHighlightColor = 0x7f0602c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f130191
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_142sp = 0x7f0700f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_880pxh = 0x7f070a8c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark = 0x7f060000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material = 0x7f070b3f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_595pxv = 0x7f0706d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f130019
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_339pxv = 0x7f070382
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarPlaceholderColorDark = 0x7f0602c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_536sp = 0x7f070614
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_254pxv = 0x7f070268
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/onNegativeCross = 0x7f040384
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/hoysala_electronics = 0x7f0800b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_picker_header_dialog = 0x7f0c0075
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_secondary = 0x7f060261
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarNavIconTintColorDark = 0x7f0602bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_58sp = 0x7f0706c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f13026b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_442pxv = 0x7f0704db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f13004d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_596pxh = 0x7f0706d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_error = 0x7f060151
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f130331
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_349sp = 0x7f0703a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color = 0x7f06006a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_298pxh = 0x7f0702f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_corner = 0x7f070cfd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f060063
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_top = 0x7f070cef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_fab_efab_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f0600a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MaterialTextView = 0x7f140066
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarDividerColorDark = 0x7f0602b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_474pxh = 0x7f070543
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/SHOW_PATH = 0x7f09000c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_350pxv = 0x7f0703a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView.Inverse = 0x7f1302de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_805pxv = 0x7f070994
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_182pxh = 0x7f070177
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_155pxv = 0x7f07011e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_onSurfaceVariant = 0x7f06023b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_shadow = 0x7f060245
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/ripple_material_dark = 0x7f0602af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f13012d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/purple_700 = 0x7f0602ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/month_navigation_previous = 0x7f090177
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/primary_material_light = 0x7f0602a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_299pxv = 0x7f0702fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_calendar_item_stroke_color = 0x7f060271
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/primary_material_dark = 0x7f0602a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/primary_dark_material_dark = 0x7f0602a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_812sp = 0x7f0709ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_collapse_motion_spec = 0x7f02001a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f130103
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_289sp = 0x7f0702db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_816pxh = 0x7f0709b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/notification_icon_bg_color = 0x7f0602a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_291sp = 0x7f0702e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary10 = 0x7f06013b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_821pxh = 0x7f0709c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_ref_typeface_brand_medium = 0x7f0d003f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_textinput_hovered_box_stroke_color = 0x7f06029f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/panelMenuListWidth = 0x7f040395
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemStrokeColor = 0x7f040262
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f13000b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_surface_variant = 0x7f06018a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_textinput_disabled_color = 0x7f06029c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_top_material = 0x7f070b5d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1016pxv = 0x7f070013
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_867pxh = 0x7f070a5f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_539pxh = 0x7f07061b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionBarDivider = 0x7f040003
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f0600ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_253pxv = 0x7f070265
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_textCursorTint = 0x7f04036f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_tabs_legacy_text_color_selector = 0x7f060298
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_801pxv = 0x7f070988
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_ic_go_search_api_material = 0x7f08003c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Top = 0x7f130167
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/categories_single_row = 0x7f0c002f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_searchBarColor = 0x7f040368
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/browser_actions_context_menu_row = 0x7f0c002c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary20 = 0x7f0600ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_error = 0x7f060197
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_365sp = 0x7f0703da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector_colored = 0x7f060297
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.DayTextView = 0x7f1303e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_337pxv = 0x7f07037c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_691pxh = 0x7f070816
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/subheaderTextAppearance = 0x7f04043b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_112pxh = 0x7f070090
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_727pxv = 0x7f07088f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_switch_thumb_icon_tint = 0x7f060291
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_popupmenu_overlay_color = 0x7f06028f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_655pxv = 0x7f07079f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_388pxv = 0x7f070424
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_877sp = 0x7f070a82
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_296pxv = 0x7f0702f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/indicatorColor = 0x7f040234
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_dialog_title_divider_material = 0x7f070b5e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_257pxv = 0x7f070271
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Text = 0x7f130142
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_on_primary_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f06028b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/errorAccessibilityLabel = 0x7f0401a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_204pxv = 0x7f0701c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_516pxh = 0x7f0705d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MenuGroup = 0x7f140069
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_navigation_item_text_color = 0x7f06028a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_25pxv = 0x7f07027a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/keylines = 0x7f04026b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MaterialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f140057
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_filled_background_color = 0x7f060280
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_fab_bg_color_selector = 0x7f06027d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_412sp = 0x7f070479
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_600sp = 0x7f0706ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f0600cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/expandedTitleMargin = 0x7f0401b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/androidx_core_secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f06001c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_choice_chip_background_color = 0x7f060279
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_274pxv = 0x7f0702aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary100 = 0x7f0600d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_chip_close_icon_tint = 0x7f060276
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/currentState = 0x7f040159
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/guideline = 0x7f090118
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/restoreState = 0x7f0403d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_768sp = 0x7f070917
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_card_view_ripple = 0x7f060274
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_800pxv = 0x7f070985
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070bca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_card_view_foreground = 0x7f060273
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_822sp = 0x7f0709ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_btn_transparent_bg_color = 0x7f060270
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_top_padding = 0x7f070d14
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f06026f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral50 = 0x7f0600be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f06026d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_btn_stroke_color_selector = 0x7f06026b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f060269
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_301sp = 0x7f070308
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_surfaceVariant = 0x7f060266
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary99 = 0x7f0600f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_surfaceTint = 0x7f060265
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral80 = 0x7f0600c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/yearSelectedStyle = 0x7f040516
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_time_picker_minimum_screen_width = 0x7f070ccb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_374pxv = 0x7f0703f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/checkMarkCompat = 0x7f0400b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_292pxv = 0x7f0702e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_surface = 0x7f060264
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_380sp = 0x7f07040d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_scrim = 0x7f060260
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_627pxv = 0x7f070742
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_primaryContainer = 0x7f06025f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_outline = 0x7f06025c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_major = 0x7f070b54
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_365pxv = 0x7f0703d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_onTertiaryContainer = 0x7f06025b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_onSurfaceVariant = 0x7f060259
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_841pxh = 0x7f070a0b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_716pxh = 0x7f07086a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary30 = 0x7f0600d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_onSecondaryContainer = 0x7f060257
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_dynamic_dark_hint_foreground = 0x7f06009c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_onSecondary = 0x7f060256
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/iss_delay = 0x7f040243
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_errorContainer = 0x7f06024d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f1301e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fabCradleRoundedCornerRadius = 0x7f0401c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_tertiaryContainer = 0x7f06024a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_collapseMode = 0x7f04027a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_868pxv = 0x7f070a63
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_surfaceVariant = 0x7f060248
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_566pxh = 0x7f070675
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_440pxh = 0x7f0704d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_714pxv = 0x7f070865
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fontStyle = 0x7f0401fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_273pxv = 0x7f0702a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_dark_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f060092
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_translation_z_base = 0x7f070c14
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_onPrimaryContainer = 0x7f060255
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/different = 0x7f0800ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_884pxv = 0x7f070a99
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_80sp = 0x7f0709a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_surface = 0x7f060246
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f0600d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_secondary = 0x7f060243
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_478sp = 0x7f070551
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/dialogTheme = 0x7f040175
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_537sp = 0x7f070617
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_onTertiaryContainer = 0x7f06023d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_251pxv = 0x7f07025f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_onSurface = 0x7f06023a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_393pxv = 0x7f070436
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_onSecondaryContainer = 0x7f060239
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Button = 0x7f13037f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_icon_size = 0x7f070c36
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_onSecondary = 0x7f060238
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary100 = 0x7f06013c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/nestedScrollViewStyle = 0x7f040379
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_160sp = 0x7f070131
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_37sp = 0x7f07040a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_chip_surface_color = 0x7f060277
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_onErrorContainer = 0x7f060235
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_731pxh = 0x7f07089d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_833pxv = 0x7f0709f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_428pxh = 0x7f0704aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_onError = 0x7f060234
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionMenuTextColor = 0x7f040012
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1013pxv = 0x7f070010
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_unchecked = 0x7f120092
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_inverseSurface = 0x7f060232
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item = 0x7f0c0095
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_dark_default_color_primary = 0x7f060052
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/useLogo = 0x7f09028f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_922pxv = 0x7f070acf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_background = 0x7f06022d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/animationMode = 0x7f040035
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/reverseLayout = 0x7f0403d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/create_an_account = 0x7f120044
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral99 = 0x7f0601d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_363pxv = 0x7f0703d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d002e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/iconGravity = 0x7f040220
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_timepicker_modebutton_tint = 0x7f06022c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_17sp = 0x7f070170
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_timepicker_clockface = 0x7f06022b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_secondary0 = 0x7f0601f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary40 = 0x7f06013f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_150pxh = 0x7f07010e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/action_menu_presenter = 0x7f090048
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_slider_inactive_tick_marks_color = 0x7f060225
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_452sp = 0x7f0704fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarClearIconTintColor = 0x7f0602b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_alert_dialog_material = 0x7f0c0009
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_slider_active_tick_marks_color = 0x7f060222
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_on_surface_stroke = 0x7f060221
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/bounce = 0x7f090074
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f1301a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_836pxv = 0x7f0709fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_739sp = 0x7f0708b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_on_surface_disabled = 0x7f06021e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_349pxh = 0x7f0703a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_972pxv = 0x7f070b10
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_154sp = 0x7f07011c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_26pxv = 0x7f07029b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_on_background_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f060219
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_on_background_disabled = 0x7f060218
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f13021e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_harmonized_color_on_error_container = 0x7f060217
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/windowMinWidthMajor = 0x7f040513
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_textinput_filled_box_default_background_color = 0x7f06029d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_328pxv = 0x7f07035e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_harmonized_color_on_error = 0x7f060216
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_action_name = 0x7f0800bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_harmonized_color_error = 0x7f060214
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_timepicker_display_background_color = 0x7f0601be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/activityName = 0x7f040029
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_143pxh = 0x7f0700f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year.Selected = 0x7f130379
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_327sp = 0x7f07035c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/trackDecorationTintMode = 0x7f0404e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemShapeInsetBottom = 0x7f04025d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/maxVelocity = 0x7f04030a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/email = 0x7f120047
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_grey_50 = 0x7f06020f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_tertiary90 = 0x7f06020a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/search_voice_btn = 0x7f090213
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_tertiary60 = 0x7f060207
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_tertiary40 = 0x7f060205
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_537pxh = 0x7f070615
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_502sp = 0x7f0705a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_surface = 0x7f060155
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chipSpacing = 0x7f0400ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_451pxv = 0x7f0704f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_default_padding = 0x7f070c05
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Selected = 0x7f1303ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f060061
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_tertiary20 = 0x7f060203
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ConstraintSet = 0x7f140030
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_538pxv = 0x7f070619
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_590sp = 0x7f0706c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_tertiary10 = 0x7f060201
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_303sp = 0x7f07030e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_301pxh = 0x7f070306
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/counterOverflowTextAppearance = 0x7f040154
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/quantizeMotionPhase = 0x7f0403be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_tertiary0 = 0x7f060200
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_track_outline_color = 0x7f0d0030
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_secondary99 = 0x7f0601ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_236pxh = 0x7f07022b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_secondary95 = 0x7f0601fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_btn_colored_text_material = 0x7f060003
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_882pxh = 0x7f070a92
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector = 0x7f060296
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/drawableBottomCompat = 0x7f040183
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_687pxh = 0x7f070807
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/cardview_light_background = 0x7f060037
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_secondary90 = 0x7f0601fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/east = 0x7f0900f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_269pxv = 0x7f070298
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_13pxv = 0x7f0700eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/barrierDirection = 0x7f04005b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/floatingActionButtonTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_secondary50 = 0x7f0601f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_secondary30 = 0x7f0601f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/action_text = 0x7f09004d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_360pxh = 0x7f0703c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_837pxh = 0x7f0709fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_secondary10 = 0x7f0601f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/backgroundInsetEnd = 0x7f04004b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/notification_action_icon_size = 0x7f070d90
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f1300c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabTextAppearance = 0x7f040463
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_294sp = 0x7f0702ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_popup_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0013
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_primary99 = 0x7f0601f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_primary95 = 0x7f0601f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_445pxh = 0x7f0704e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_703pxv = 0x7f070841
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_primary50 = 0x7f0601ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/androidx_core_ripple_material_light = 0x7f06001b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_cursor_inset_bottom = 0x7f070cb4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_340sp = 0x7f070389
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_primary100 = 0x7f0601e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_138pxh = 0x7f0700e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f0601e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_secondary_container = 0x7f06015c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_vertical_offset = 0x7f070bed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_851pxv = 0x7f070a2d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f060060
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_691sp = 0x7f070818
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_267pxv = 0x7f070292
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/info = 0x7f090133
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_405sp = 0x7f070461
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_primary80 = 0x7f0601ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f0601db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f0601d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/robotone = 0x7f080143
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/SharedValueId = 0x7f040001
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/menu_gallery = 0x7f120083
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_goneMarginBaseline = 0x7f0402ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motion_triggerOnCollision = 0x7f040349
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_633sp = 0x7f070758
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_26pxh = 0x7f07029a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/LoadingImageView = 0x7f140055
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/supportScrollUp = 0x7f090244
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral95 = 0x7f0601d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral90 = 0x7f0601d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_172sp = 0x7f070158
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral80 = 0x7f0601d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_disabled = 0x7f06026e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/tv_newuser = 0x7f090282
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_765sp = 0x7f07090e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_cursor_color = 0x7f0601c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_44sp = 0x7f0704f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_timepicker_display_ripple_color = 0x7f0601bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/material_motion_path = 0x7f0a0038
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_307sp = 0x7f07031a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/iss_selected_dot = 0x7f040248
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_timepicker_button_ripple_color = 0x7f0601bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_timepicker_button_background_color = 0x7f0601ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_textfield_label_color = 0x7f0601b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/navigationIconTint = 0x7f040374
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarPlaceholderColor = 0x7f0602c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_textfield_input_text_color = 0x7f0601b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_textfield_filled_background_color = 0x7f0601b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_text_button_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f0601b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/TI_gmail = 0x7f090012
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f0601b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/rangeFillColor = 0x7f0403c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_tabs_icon_color = 0x7f0601b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f060114
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1300ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf = 0x7f0402a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_89pxh = 0x7f070aad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/FontFamily = 0x7f14003c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_721pxv = 0x7f07087d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/errorTextColor = 0x7f0401ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface = 0x7f0601ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_387sp = 0x7f070422
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/behavior_overlapTop = 0x7f040064
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/back_to_menu_morph = 0x7f020000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textPanY = 0x7f0404a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_onBackground = 0x7f060233
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_primary_container = 0x7f0601a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary20 = 0x7f0600d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_secondary = 0x7f0601a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/txtFullname = 0x7f090286
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_234pxh = 0x7f070225
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_632pxv = 0x7f070754
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_timepicker_confirm = 0x7f1200be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010014
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_38pxv = 0x7f07042a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_inverseSurface = 0x7f060250
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f1302ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_textinput_start_icon_margin_end = 0x7f070d88
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_error_container = 0x7f06019e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_589pxv = 0x7f0706c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_840pxh = 0x7f070a08
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_background = 0x7f06019c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_338sp = 0x7f070380
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/TI_Password = 0x7f090010
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_divider_color = 0x7f0601cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/line2 = 0x7f09014b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_265sp = 0x7f07028d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f13019d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/homeLayout = 0x7f04021a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_primary = 0x7f06019a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f1302fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f060199
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_569pxh = 0x7f07067e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface = 0x7f060192
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_697sp = 0x7f07082a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_630pxh = 0x7f07074d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_332sp = 0x7f07036e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/shapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f0403f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_outline = 0x7f06018d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionPath = 0x7f040343
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_tertiary = 0x7f06018b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_unchecked = 0x7f1200ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/layoutL = 0x7f090143
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f130071
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_259sp = 0x7f070278
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_surface = 0x7f060189
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/common_google_play_services_updating_text = 0x7f12003c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_pressed = 0x7f08011b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_secondary = 0x7f060187
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_primary = 0x7f060185
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_timepicker_display_stroke_color = 0x7f0601c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f080008
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorOnContainerUnchecked = 0x7f04010e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/nestedScrollable = 0x7f04037a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_369pxh = 0x7f0703e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1060pxv = 0x7f07004e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_onSurface = 0x7f060258
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.YearNavigationButton = 0x7f1303f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/useCompatPadding = 0x7f0404f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f060181
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_tertiary_container = 0x7f06017f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_222sp = 0x7f070200
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_564pxv = 0x7f070670
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_secondary_container = 0x7f06017b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_card_ripple_color = 0x7f060089
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_primary_container = 0x7f060179
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f130193
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_padding = 0x7f070d8e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/new_add_toolbar = 0x7f0901ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/isMaterialTheme = 0x7f040240
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_224pxv = 0x7f070205
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_tab_scrollable_min_width = 0x7f070bc6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/imagePanY = 0x7f04022d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_choice_chip_text_color = 0x7f06027b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_310pxh = 0x7f070324
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_tertiary = 0x7f060249
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_979pxv = 0x7f070b17
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf = 0x7f04027f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_surface = 0x7f060173
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_onPrimary = 0x7f060254
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_secondary_container = 0x7f060172
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_light = 0x7f080046
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/mtrl_card_lowers_interpolator = 0x7f010027
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_primary = 0x7f06016f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_193pxh = 0x7f07019b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_611pxh = 0x7f07070e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_button_ripple_color = 0x7f060084
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_previous_black_24dp = 0x7f0800fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_86pxh = 0x7f070a68
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_827sp = 0x7f0709dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorSurface = 0x7f040126
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f070bfd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_min_touch_target_size = 0x7f070d49
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_variant = 0x7f060167
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/adjust_width = 0x7f090053
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f070c5d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f070c8e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_189pxv = 0x7f07018d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_primary40 = 0x7f060125
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_secondary = 0x7f060164
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level2 = 0x7f070c7a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/region_widthLessThan = 0x7f0403cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_primary = 0x7f060162
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_651pxh = 0x7f070792
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f060160
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_timepicker_dialog_buttons_margin_top = 0x7f070ccc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_218sp = 0x7f0701f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/blue_A400 = 0x7f060028
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_surface_variant = 0x7f06015e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_fab_elevation = 0x7f070d3d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_599pxv = 0x7f0706e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_529pxh = 0x7f0705fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_secondary = 0x7f06015b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_start = 0x7f070ccf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MockView = 0x7f14006c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_988pxv = 0x7f070b23
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialCalendarHeaderTitle = 0x7f0402ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_error_container = 0x7f060158
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_background = 0x7f060156
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_primary = 0x7f060154
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_752pxv = 0x7f0708e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_checked = 0x7f12008c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/backgroundOverlayColorAlpha = 0x7f04004e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_clearIconUseTint = 0x7f040351
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1035pxv = 0x7f07002c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_background = 0x7f060150
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_779pxh = 0x7f070939
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_125pxh = 0x7f0700ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f06014c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/led_image = 0x7f090145
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/linearSignUp = 0x7f090150
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f13041f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary95 = 0x7f060145
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1054pxv = 0x7f070045
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_160pxh = 0x7f07012f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/NavAction = 0x7f140074
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:plurals/mtrl_badge_content_description = 0x7f100000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary80 = 0x7f060143
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/material_hour_suffix = 0x7f120072
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_81sp = 0x7f0709c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_314pxh = 0x7f070330
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_middleTextSelectorTint = 0x7f04035f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_clock_hand_center_dot_radius = 0x7f070cab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_470sp = 0x7f070539
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary70 = 0x7f060142
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_308pxh = 0x7f07031b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small = 0x7f1300fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary0 = 0x7f06013a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_menu_shift_shortcut_label = 0x7f12000e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary95 = 0x7f060138
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0602cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary90 = 0x7f060137
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/notification_main_column_padding_top = 0x7f070d96
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_159pxv = 0x7f07012a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1027pxv = 0x7f070021
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_514sp = 0x7f0705cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary70 = 0x7f060135
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary50 = 0x7f060133
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_text_input_padding_top = 0x7f070d1a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/material_timepicker_cancel_button = 0x7f090167
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_620sp = 0x7f07072e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary40 = 0x7f060132
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary30 = 0x7f060131
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary20 = 0x7f060130
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/line3 = 0x7f09014c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/touchToPause = 0x7f0404e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/thumbTint = 0x7f0404b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary0 = 0x7f06012d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_star_big = 0x7f070b73
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_primary99 = 0x7f06012c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/bright_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f06002e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_704pxv = 0x7f070844
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_469pxv = 0x7f070532
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_primary90 = 0x7f06012a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f1303de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/back = 0x7f09006a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_primary50 = 0x7f060126
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary40 = 0x7f0600f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_916pxv = 0x7f070ac6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_281sp = 0x7f0702c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_738sp = 0x7f0708b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textPanX = 0x7f0404a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral10 = 0x7f0601cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_primary10 = 0x7f0601e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/navigation_header_container = 0x7f0901a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_primary30 = 0x7f060124
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/animateCircleAngleTo = 0x7f040033
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_297sp = 0x7f0702f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_850sp = 0x7f070a2b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_primary100 = 0x7f060122
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_highlighted_text = 0x7f0600a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1043pxv = 0x7f070037
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/childLogoIv = 0x7f0900a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_divider_thickness = 0x7f070d07
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate = 0x7f12006d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_25sp = 0x7f07027b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_246pxv = 0x7f07024d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/carousel_firstView = 0x7f0400a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_primary0 = 0x7f060120
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f06011f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_selection_control_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f060148
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/browser_actions_menu_view = 0x7f09007c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary100 = 0x7f0600e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f060118
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_action_home = 0x7f0800bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_713sp = 0x7f070863
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_982pxv = 0x7f070b1d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerLarge = 0x7f0403ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral99 = 0x7f060112
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelSmall = 0x7f1301d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_283pxv = 0x7f0702c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/des_pro_price = 0x7f0900d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral50 = 0x7f06010c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral10 = 0x7f060107
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_error99 = 0x7f060105
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_38pxh = 0x7f070429
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_130pxh = 0x7f0700cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/notification_right_icon_size = 0x7f070d98
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_error100 = 0x7f0600fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_star_black_48dp = 0x7f080062
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/m3_card_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_398sp = 0x7f070446
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/contentInsetEndWithActions = 0x7f040137
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1090pxv = 0x7f070075
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton = 0x7f130323
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_642pxh = 0x7f070774
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_276pxh = 0x7f0702af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_secondaryContainer = 0x7f060262
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_timepicker_clock_text_color = 0x7f06022a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_error0 = 0x7f0600f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_248sp = 0x7f070254
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_829pxv = 0x7f0709e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/account_toobar = 0x7f090037
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_761pxv = 0x7f070901
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary80 = 0x7f0600f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f070d76
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_x2 = 0x7f070c8b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_65sp = 0x7f0707af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionModeCloseContentDescription = 0x7f040015
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/behavior_expandedOffset = 0x7f040060
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_194sp = 0x7f0701a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_616pxv = 0x7f07071e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary60 = 0x7f0600f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary50 = 0x7f0600f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f13006a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/rectangles = 0x7f0901ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/dialogCornerRadius = 0x7f040173
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_294pxh = 0x7f0702eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Design.Light = 0x7f130205
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary30 = 0x7f0600f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_574pxv = 0x7f070691
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_558pxh = 0x7f07065a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode = 0x7f0c0016
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1041pxv = 0x7f070035
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary100 = 0x7f0600ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/alertDialogStyle = 0x7f04002c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/marginTopSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0402d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_869pxh = 0x7f070a65
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary99 = 0x7f0600eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary95 = 0x7f0600ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f070ce7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary70 = 0x7f0600e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/popUpToInclusive = 0x7f0403ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_425pxh = 0x7f0704a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_968pxv = 0x7f070b09
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary50 = 0x7f0600e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1078pxv = 0x7f070063
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/telltales_velocityMode = 0x7f04046a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary40 = 0x7f0600e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f0600c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary99 = 0x7f0600de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/thumbIcon = 0x7f0404b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary95 = 0x7f0600dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/abc_slide_in_bottom = 0x7f010006
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary80 = 0x7f0600db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f13020b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_734pxh = 0x7f0708a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_454sp = 0x7f070503
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarMenuIconTintColorDark = 0x7f0602bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary50 = 0x7f0600d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_553sp = 0x7f07064d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_379pxv = 0x7f070406
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/checkboxStyle = 0x7f0400b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_507pxh = 0x7f0705b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary40 = 0x7f0600d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_712pxh = 0x7f07085e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1022pxv = 0x7f07001c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/ci_margin = 0x7f0400d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fontProviderAuthority = 0x7f0401f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/percentY = 0x7f0403a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_188sp = 0x7f07018b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_539pxv = 0x7f07061c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f0600d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f0600cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Design.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f130206
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_582pxh = 0x7f0706ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/suffixTextColor = 0x7f040444
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f0600cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral30 = 0x7f0601d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_470pxv = 0x7f070538
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/divider = 0x7f040177
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/flow_horizontalBias = 0x7f0401e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/split_action_bar = 0x7f09022e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f0600ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_ripple_color = 0x7f060287
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemShapeFillColor = 0x7f04025c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_201sp = 0x7f0701bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_794pxh = 0x7f07096c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f13002d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_597sp = 0x7f0706dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chipSpacingVertical = 0x7f0400cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08006d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerSmall = 0x7f0403f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_bias = 0x7f040293
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f0600c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_confirm_button_min_width = 0x7f070cf8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/values = 0x7f0404fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/buttonIconDimen = 0x7f040089
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_222pxh = 0x7f0701fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f1301ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f0600c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialCalendarMonthNavigationButton = 0x7f0402ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_white = 0x7f060147
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/gapBetweenBars = 0x7f040204
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition = 0x7f14000c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_590pxv = 0x7f0706c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/transformPivotTarget = 0x7f0404ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral60 = 0x7f0600bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_159sp = 0x7f07012b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_199pxv = 0x7f0701ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_263sp = 0x7f070287
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f1301ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_459sp = 0x7f070512
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/waveVariesBy = 0x7f04050b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral100 = 0x7f0600ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width = 0x7f070bba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/browser_actions_title_color = 0x7f060033
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_35sp = 0x7f0703c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_fab_efab_background_color_selector = 0x7f0600a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_547pxv = 0x7f070637
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_timepicker_display_text_color = 0x7f0601c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_137pxv = 0x7f0700e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_menuDividerEnabled = 0x7f04035a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/prefixTextAppearance = 0x7f0403b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_icon_size = 0x7f070c2c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_dynamic_hint_foreground = 0x7f0600a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_622pxv = 0x7f070733
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_21sp = 0x7f0701f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_secondary20 = 0x7f0601f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_602pxv = 0x7f0706f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Elevated = 0x7f13033e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f130300
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_dynamic_dark_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f06009a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/measureWithLargestChild = 0x7f04030c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_navigation_item_background_color = 0x7f0600af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_dark_hint_foreground = 0x7f060095
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/autoCompleteToStart = 0x7f090069
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_231sp = 0x7f07021e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral0 = 0x7f060106
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f06008f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_chip_assist_text_color = 0x7f06008d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_852sp = 0x7f070a31
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/popUpTo = 0x7f0403ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_485pxv = 0x7f070568
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_762pxv = 0x7f070904
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_card_foreground_color = 0x7f060088
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_415pxv = 0x7f070481
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f13010e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral50 = 0x7f0601d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f060085
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/included = 0x7f090130
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/flow_verticalAlign = 0x7f0401f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_280pxv = 0x7f0702bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_button_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f060082
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_556pxv = 0x7f070655
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/ratingBarStyleSmall = 0x7f0403c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color = 0x7f06006b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_830pxh = 0x7f0709e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/trackCornerRadius = 0x7f0404e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/pivotAnchor = 0x7f0403a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceListItemSecondary = 0x7f040485
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/gray_100 = 0x7f060078
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialSwitchStyle = 0x7f0402fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/foreground_material_light = 0x7f060076
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f13017a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/drawPath = 0x7f040182
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_card_spacing = 0x7f070d27
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060075
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_665pxh = 0x7f0707bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/error_color_material_light = 0x7f060074
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_28pxh = 0x7f0702dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_tertiary_icon_color = 0x7f0d000a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_calendar_vertical = 0x7f0c006d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/error_color_material_dark = 0x7f060073
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_navigation_bar_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f0600ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_23pxh = 0x7f070237
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_leftTextSelectorTint = 0x7f040358
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_checked = 0x7f120090
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_14sp = 0x7f07010d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/expand_activities_button = 0x7f0900fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_93pxh = 0x7f070ae4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/dim_foreground_material_light = 0x7f060072
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorOnSurface = 0x7f040116
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_935pxv = 0x7f070adf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/python = 0x7f08013e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_481pxh = 0x7f07055b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/NavDeepLink = 0x7f140076
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/dim_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060071
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorOnPrimarySurface = 0x7f040113
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_412pxv = 0x7f070478
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f13005c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/carousel_nextState = 0x7f0400a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f06005e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_317sp = 0x7f07033b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_243pxv = 0x7f070244
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/material_timepicker_select_time = 0x7f120081
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_inverseOnSurface = 0x7f060230
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/marginRightSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0402d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f06005c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_361pxv = 0x7f0703cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/trackColor = 0x7f0404e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_81pxh = 0x7f0709c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_162pxh = 0x7f070135
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/collapseActionView = 0x7f0900b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/animateToStart = 0x7f09005e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_687pxv = 0x7f070808
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_light = 0x7f0602d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/center = 0x7f09009c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_handle_color = 0x7f0d0032
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/drawableSize = 0x7f040187
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f06011b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_default_color_on_background = 0x7f06005a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_track_outline_color = 0x7f0d001c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f070c87
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_290pxv = 0x7f0702e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_base = 0x7f070d3a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_dark_default_color_surface = 0x7f060057
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/contentInsetStart = 0x7f04013a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_152sp = 0x7f070116
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/m3_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarCursorColor = 0x7f0602b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled = 0x7f130268
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_729pxh = 0x7f070894
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_elevation = 0x7f070d2a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_598sp = 0x7f0706e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_onError = 0x7f060252
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f060056
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_467pxv = 0x7f07052c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f060054
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_card_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0a000f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_primary30 = 0x7f0601ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_155sp = 0x7f07011f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f0600c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f1302f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/button_background = 0x7f080082
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_dynamic_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f0600a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Overline = 0x7f1301e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_526pxv = 0x7f0705f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_indicator_text_color = 0x7f060283
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/checkedChip = 0x7f0400b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_dark_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f060050
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_486pxv = 0x7f07056b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f1303ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_dark_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f06004f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_696sp = 0x7f070827
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/editTextStyle = 0x7f040195
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_273sp = 0x7f0702a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/defaultQueryHint = 0x7f04016d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_dark_default_color_error = 0x7f06004c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_pressed = 0x7f060046
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/tooltip_background_light = 0x7f0602da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_text_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f0601b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f130215
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger_medium = 0x7f070be4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_186sp = 0x7f070185
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/showTitle = 0x7f040403
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_appbar_size_large = 0x7f070be6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/material_clock_display = 0x7f09015b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_default = 0x7f060043
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_error80 = 0x7f060102
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemPaddingBottom = 0x7f040257
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Query = 0x7f130141
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/graph_wrap = 0x7f090114
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/default_web_client_id = 0x7f120045
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_71pxh = 0x7f070876
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ImageCarousel = 0x7f140044
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/state_collapsible = 0x7f04042b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_menuIconTint = 0x7f04035c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/thumbElevation = 0x7f0404af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintVertical_bias = 0x7f0402a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_default_color_error = 0x7f060059
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f13010b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark = 0x7f06003d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/imageAspectRatio = 0x7f040229
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/minus_button = 0x7f090172
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_microphone_black_48dp = 0x7f0800d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f0600c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1065pxv = 0x7f070053
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallPrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f070d16
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f13001e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/activity_new_address = 0x7f0c0023
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionBarTabStyle = 0x7f04000a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_divider_thickness = 0x7f070cb7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem = 0x7f130138
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_searchview_description_clear = 0x7f120013
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabMaxWidth = 0x7f040457
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/badgeStyle = 0x7f040055
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/cardview_shadow_start_color = 0x7f060039
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_error30 = 0x7f0600fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/btn_radio_on_to_off_mtrl_animation = 0x7f080081
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_112pxv = 0x7f070091
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/Slider = 0x7f14008f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintHeight = 0x7f04028e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/browser_actions_text_color = 0x7f060032
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_text_size_small_material = 0x7f070b84
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_50 = 0x7f0a001b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/trackDecoration = 0x7f0404e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/browser_actions_bg_grey = 0x7f060030
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/navigationMode = 0x7f040375
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_591pxv = 0x7f0706ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceBody1 = 0x7f04046c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_187pxh = 0x7f070186
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_height = 0x7f070c66
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton.ShapeAppearance = 0x7f13041c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_378sp = 0x7f070404
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/CompoundButton = 0x7f14002a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_151pxv = 0x7f070112
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/showText = 0x7f040402
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral30 = 0x7f0600bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_576sp = 0x7f070698
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/transitionPathRotate = 0x7f0404f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/bluegray_700_3f = 0x7f060029
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/black_900_33 = 0x7f060025
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/showDelay = 0x7f0403fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialIconButtonOutlinedStyle = 0x7f0402fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/toolbarId = 0x7f0404d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.Dark = 0x7f130275
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_timepicker_clock_text_color = 0x7f0601bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/titleMarginStart = 0x7f0404c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/gray = 0x7f060077
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/splitMinSmallestWidth = 0x7f040417
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f13016b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/black_900_99 = 0x7f060027
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_436sp = 0x7f0704c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/background_default = 0x7f06001d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_917pxv = 0x7f070ac7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral0 = 0x7f0600b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_text_size = 0x7f070d5a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/KeyFramesAcceleration = 0x7f14004b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/suffixTextAppearance = 0x7f040443
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/navigationIcon = 0x7f040373
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/background_floating_material_light = 0x7f06001f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_163sp = 0x7f07013a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_searchIconDrawable = 0x7f040369
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f070b4b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_149pxh = 0x7f070108
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_light = 0x7f0602d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f130245
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_tint_default = 0x7f060014
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_secondary_text_material_light = 0x7f060012
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/helperTextTextColor = 0x7f040210
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_616sp = 0x7f07071f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_search_url_text_normal = 0x7f06000e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_disabled = 0x7f06003f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/icon = 0x7f04021e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_primary_text_material_light = 0x7f06000c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_759pxh = 0x7f0708f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_light = 0x7f060008
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/material_time_chip = 0x7f0c0059
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/rtl = 0x7f0901ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/design_ic_visibility = 0x7f0800a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060007
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/snackbarStyle = 0x7f040410
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_375pxh = 0x7f0703f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral80 = 0x7f06010f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material = 0x7f060002
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1302e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary60 = 0x7f060141
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/dividerInsetEnd = 0x7f04017a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/toggleCheckedStateOnClick = 0x7f0404d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:bool/mtrl_btn_textappearance_all_caps = 0x7f050002
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionModePasteDrawable = 0x7f04001a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_error60 = 0x7f060100
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:bool/abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps = 0x7f050001
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f1303a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_236pxv = 0x7f07022c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_300pxv = 0x7f070304
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_grey_800 = 0x7f060211
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f06016b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/parent_item = 0x7f0c008e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/windowFixedWidthMajor = 0x7f040511
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/splitLayoutDirection = 0x7f040416
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionDropDownStyle = 0x7f04000f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/marginLeftSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0402d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/waveDecay = 0x7f040506
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_258sp = 0x7f070275
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MaterialSwitch = 0x7f140064
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/numericModifiers = 0x7f040381
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabIndicatorColor = 0x7f040452
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/buttonPanel = 0x7f090082
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_241sp = 0x7f07023f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Colored = 0x7f1303f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_primary0 = 0x7f0601e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/design_appbar_state_list_animator = 0x7f020002
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/voiceIcon = 0x7f040504
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_list_item_height_large_material = 0x7f070b68
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/cornerSizeTopLeft = 0x7f040150
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/popUpToSaveState = 0x7f0403ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_667pxv = 0x7f0707c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/visibilityMode = 0x7f040503
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary10 = 0x7f0600e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_blue_grey_950 = 0x7f0601c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_216pxv = 0x7f0701ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/triggerReceiver = 0x7f0404f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_error = 0x7f060065
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_509pxv = 0x7f0705b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/iss_auto_cycle = 0x7f040241
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/navigation = 0x7f0901a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_80pxv = 0x7f0709a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layoutDuringTransition = 0x7f040275
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f130260
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/flow_horizontalGap = 0x7f0401e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_514pxv = 0x7f0705cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_206sp = 0x7f0701ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_horizontal = 0x7f070cc3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_823pxv = 0x7f0709d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_563sp = 0x7f07066e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_621pxh = 0x7f07072f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_131sp = 0x7f0700d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f070cc4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/constraintSetEnd = 0x7f04012f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral40 = 0x7f0600bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_569sp = 0x7f070680
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/trackTint = 0x7f0404eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_anchor = 0x7f040277
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_navigation_max_width = 0x7f070bb7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/trackHeight = 0x7f0404e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_276sp = 0x7f0702b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_inversePrimary = 0x7f060231
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary80 = 0x7f060136
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_565pxh = 0x7f070672
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/minHideDelay = 0x7f040313
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ButtonBarLayout = 0x7f14001c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/trackDecorationTint = 0x7f0404e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_filled_stroke_color = 0x7f060282
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_933pxv = 0x7f070add
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f13039f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_150 = 0x7f0a0014
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/trackColorInactive = 0x7f0404e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f130247
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_fab_shadow_mid_color = 0x7f060067
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/customStringValue = 0x7f040164
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.MediumComponent = 0x7f13015f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_828sp = 0x7f0709e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline4 = 0x7f1301e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/thickness = 0x7f0404ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_168sp = 0x7f070149
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_392pxv = 0x7f070433
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/touchAnchorSide = 0x7f0404de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/showMotionSpec = 0x7f0403ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070c31
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/spinnerStyle = 0x7f040415
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintTop_toTopOf = 0x7f0402a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tooltipForegroundColor = 0x7f0404d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/customPanel = 0x7f0900c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_dividerColor = 0x7f040352
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/dropdownListPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f040190
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_timepicker_button_text_color = 0x7f0601bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_489sp = 0x7f070575
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_track_opacity = 0x7f070c3f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_left_black_24dp = 0x7f0800fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_361sp = 0x7f0703ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_482pxh = 0x7f07055e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/titleTextAppearance = 0x7f0404cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/titlePositionInterpolator = 0x7f0404cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_card_stroke_color = 0x7f06008a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/closeIconEnabled = 0x7f0400f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/titleMargins = 0x7f0404cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/clip_horizontal = 0x7f0900ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_elevation = 0x7f070c02
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/titleMarginEnd = 0x7f0404c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_surface = 0x7f06015d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral100 = 0x7f060108
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_515sp = 0x7f0705cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_search_url_text_pressed = 0x7f06000f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_509pxh = 0x7f0705b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/logoDescription = 0x7f0402d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialSearchBarDark = 0x7f130125
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/titleMarginBottom = 0x7f0404c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_743pxv = 0x7f0708c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/titleMargin = 0x7f0404c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/checkedIconMargin = 0x7f0400b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1032pxv = 0x7f070029
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_fab_ripple_color = 0x7f06027f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/change_address = 0x7f0900a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_388pxh = 0x7f070423
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/action = 0x7f040002
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/notification_bg_normal = 0x7f080130
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_292pxh = 0x7f0702e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Medium = 0x7f1303cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_456pxv = 0x7f070508
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/fade_out_left = 0x7f01001f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/title = 0x7f0404c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tintMode = 0x7f0404c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_729pxv = 0x7f070895
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tickVisible = 0x7f0404bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabInlineLabel = 0x7f040456
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/checkMarkTint = 0x7f0400b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level0 = 0x7f070c78
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tickMarkTintMode = 0x7f0404be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemIconPadding = 0x7f040251
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary60 = 0x7f060134
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/material_minute_tv = 0x7f090165
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/closeIconEndPadding = 0x7f0400f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_chip_text_color = 0x7f060091
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_550pxv = 0x7f070643
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_879pxv = 0x7f070a87
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_navIconUseTint = 0x7f040362
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_899pxv = 0x7f070aac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tickColorInactive = 0x7f0404bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_secondary_container = 0x7f0601a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tickColorActive = 0x7f0404ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_352sp = 0x7f0703b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/mtrl_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f020019
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/notification_next = 0x7f0901b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_284pxh = 0x7f0702ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/m3_tabs_line_indicator = 0x7f0800f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/carousel_backwardTransition = 0x7f0400a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_713pxh = 0x7f070861
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.ExtraSmall = 0x7f130152
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/transitionEasing = 0x7f0404ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/thumbTintMode = 0x7f0404b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemTextAppearanceActive = 0x7f040265
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textColorAlertDialogListItem = 0x7f040496
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/thumbTextPadding = 0x7f0404b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/thumbStrokeWidth = 0x7f0404b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1302ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_small_component = 0x7f070d6b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_946pxv = 0x7f070aed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/forceApplySystemWindowInsetTop = 0x7f040201
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/ci_orientation = 0x7f0400da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/thumbRadius = 0x7f0404b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f130231
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_572pxv = 0x7f07068b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_797sp = 0x7f070977
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textureEffect = 0x7f0404a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/borderRound = 0x7f040069
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_onBackground = 0x7f060251
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_901pxv = 0x7f070ab4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_201pxv = 0x7f0701ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/dayInvalidStyle = 0x7f040167
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textStartPadding = 0x7f0404a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/endToStart = 0x7f0900f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ViewPager2 = 0x7f1400aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionLayout = 0x7f040010
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_866pxh = 0x7f070a5c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f0402db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionEasingStandardDecelerateInterpolator = 0x7f040338
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_796pxh = 0x7f070972
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionMenuTextAppearance = 0x7f040011
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textOutlineColor = 0x7f0404a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:raw/firebase_common_keep = 0x7f110000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textInputFilledStyle = 0x7f04049c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_text_size_display_4_material = 0x7f070b7e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/indicatorDirectionCircular = 0x7f040235
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textEndPadding = 0x7f040498
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light_disabled = 0x7f060044
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/circleRadius = 0x7f0400dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textBackgroundZoom = 0x7f040495
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_pressed__0 = 0x7f08001b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_867pxv = 0x7f070a60
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/onShow = 0x7f040386
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/mtrl_picker_cancel = 0x7f120099
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/showAnimationBehavior = 0x7f0403f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textBackgroundPanY = 0x7f040493
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight = 0x7f130211
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_724sp = 0x7f070887
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/left = 0x7f090146
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialCalendarHeaderSelection = 0x7f0402e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textBackgroundPanX = 0x7f040492
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/placeholderTextColor = 0x7f0403a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_134pxv = 0x7f0700d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionButtonStyle = 0x7f04000e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_icon_color = 0x7f0d000d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_icon_disabled = 0x7f08008e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f070bbb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultTitle = 0x7f04048a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/trackThickness = 0x7f0404ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle = 0x7f040489
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_680sp = 0x7f0707f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/contentPaddingEnd = 0x7f04013e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/goggle_icon = 0x7f0800af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceLabelSmall = 0x7f040481
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_461pxv = 0x7f07051a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textInputFilledExposedDropdownMenuStyle = 0x7f04049b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1005pxv = 0x7f070005
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_dark_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f060093
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/easeIn = 0x7f0900ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/toolbar = 0x7f090270
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/right = 0x7f080141
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceLabelMedium = 0x7f040480
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/backgroundTint = 0x7f040051
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_216pxh = 0x7f0701e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineLarge = 0x7f04047c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary99 = 0x7f060139
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.SearchView = 0x7f1302ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f1301f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/view_tree_on_back_pressed_dispatcher_owner = 0x7f09029a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_838pxh = 0x7f0709ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/Toolbar = 0x7f1400a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/autoPlayDelay = 0x7f040040
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_tint_spinner = 0x7f060017
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f1303ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_80pxh = 0x7f0709a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_55pxh = 0x7f070660
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fontProviderQuery = 0x7f0401fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceHeadline4 = 0x7f040479
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_marginBaseline = 0x7f0402b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_goneMarginStart = 0x7f0402b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_689sp = 0x7f07080f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/accent_material_dark = 0x7f060019
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chipIconSize = 0x7f0400c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceDisplayMedium = 0x7f040474
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/name = 0x7f1200bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_241pxv = 0x7f07023e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/TI_email = 0x7f090011
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/hintEnabled = 0x7f040216
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1069pxv = 0x7f070057
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/foregroundInsidePadding = 0x7f040202
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceBodySmall = 0x7f040470
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/OnSwipe = 0x7f140081
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceBodyLarge = 0x7f04046e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_box_stroke_color = 0x7f06004a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_screen_content_include = 0x7f0c0014
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/always = 0x7f09005b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceBody2 = 0x7f04046d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/applyMotionScene = 0x7f040037
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/browser_actions_divider_color = 0x7f060031
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_143pxv = 0x7f0700f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__2 = 0x7f08001a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_dynamic_dark_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f06009d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_75pxv = 0x7f0708fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_324sp = 0x7f070353
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAllCaps = 0x7f04046b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_587pxh = 0x7f0706ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialIconButtonFilledTonalStyle = 0x7f0402fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070c29
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_658pxv = 0x7f0707a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_602sp = 0x7f0706f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/iss_indicator_align = 0x7f040245
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/logoScaleType = 0x7f0402d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/targetId = 0x7f040466
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_970pxv = 0x7f070b0e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1018pxv = 0x7f070015
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl = 0x7f08006a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/subheaderColor = 0x7f040438
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleIconStyle = 0x7f0402dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_fab_size_mini = 0x7f070bad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabSecondaryStyle = 0x7f040460
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabPaddingStart = 0x7f04045d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_259pxv = 0x7f070277
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_699pxv = 0x7f07082f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_480pxv = 0x7f070559
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/abc_slide_out_bottom = 0x7f010008
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/ci_width = 0x7f0400db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabPadding = 0x7f04045a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/backgroundSplit = 0x7f04004f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_859pxv = 0x7f070a45
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabIndicatorGravity = 0x7f040454
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabIndicatorFullWidth = 0x7f040453
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_y1 = 0x7f070c8c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_text_size_medium_material = 0x7f070b81
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationMode = 0x7f040451
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorOnBackground = 0x7f04010c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/project_id = 0x7f1200d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationDuration = 0x7f040450
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabIndicator = 0x7f04044f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_288pxh = 0x7f0702d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/notification_main_column_container = 0x7f0901b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabContentStart = 0x7f04044b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_66sp = 0x7f0707d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/mtrl_btn_unelevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f020017
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_253sp = 0x7f070266
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabBackground = 0x7f04044a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_103pxv = 0x7f070032
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_28sp = 0x7f0702de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingStart = 0x7f0402d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_56sp = 0x7f070683
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_tertiary_container = 0x7f060169
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1302b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/actionDown = 0x7f090039
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/switchStyle = 0x7f040448
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tint = 0x7f0404c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/switchPadding = 0x7f040447
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/wavePeriod = 0x7f040508
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1088pxv = 0x7f070070
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Icon.Elevated = 0x7f130340
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/counterclockwise = 0x7f0900c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/actionDownUp = 0x7f09003a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/clear_text_end_icon_content_description = 0x7f12002d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_elevation = 0x7f070d70
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/suffixText = 0x7f040442
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_88pxv = 0x7f070aa1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/subtitleTextStyle = 0x7f040441
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedInterpolator = 0x7f040333
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f070d7a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_815sp = 0x7f0709b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f060153
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fontProviderFetchTimeout = 0x7f0401fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/decelerateAndComplete = 0x7f0900cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_641sp = 0x7f070773
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_239pxv = 0x7f070235
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/statusBarScrim = 0x7f040434
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_borderlessRippleEnabled = 0x7f04034e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/subtitleCentered = 0x7f04043e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/btn_submit = 0x7f090081
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_840pxv = 0x7f070a09
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle = 0x7f040084
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_512pxv = 0x7f0705c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f070bb3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/strokeWidth = 0x7f040436
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/Motion = 0x7f14006d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f080021
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_341sp = 0x7f07038c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f130241
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_822pxh = 0x7f0709cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary95 = 0x7f0600f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionEffect_translationY = 0x7f040340
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/strokeColor = 0x7f040435
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/behavior_draggable = 0x7f04005f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/statusBarBackground = 0x7f040432
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_check_path_merged_animation = 0x7f010010
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_211pxh = 0x7f0701da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f1302f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/textSpacerNoTitle = 0x7f090259
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialCardViewElevatedStyle = 0x7f0402f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_primary80 = 0x7f060129
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_664sp = 0x7f0707be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/civ_circle_background_color = 0x7f0400e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_697pxh = 0x7f070828
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_229pxv = 0x7f070214
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/barrierMargin = 0x7f04005c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/civ_border_width = 0x7f0400e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_fab_secondary_container_color = 0x7f0d0010
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/state_liftable = 0x7f04042f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_351sp = 0x7f0703ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/state_error = 0x7f04042d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/row_index_key = 0x7f0901fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_chip_dragged_translation_z = 0x7f070c20
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/customPixelDimension = 0x7f040162
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/iottwo = 0x7f0800e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/state_dragged = 0x7f04042c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button = 0x7f080102
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_680pxv = 0x7f0707f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/color = 0x7f040102
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f130026
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_861pxv = 0x7f070a4e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorOnTertiaryContainer = 0x7f04011a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/menuGravity = 0x7f04030f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionDurationMedium4 = 0x7f040329
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/startIconTint = 0x7f040427
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceHeadline3 = 0x7f040478
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_icon_button_icon_color_selector = 0x7f0600ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_544pxh = 0x7f07062d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/maxLines = 0x7f040309
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/startDestination = 0x7f040423
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_230pxh = 0x7f070219
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/transitionDisable = 0x7f0404ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:interpolator/mtrl_linear = 0x7f0b0010
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_695sp = 0x7f070824
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_switch_thumb_tint = 0x7f06014e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_search_hint = 0x7f120012
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/labelStyle = 0x7f04026e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/springStopThreshold = 0x7f04041f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/startIconCheckable = 0x7f040424
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/finishSecondaryWithPrimary = 0x7f0401d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_radius = 0x7f070bec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/springBoundary = 0x7f04041b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_446pxv = 0x7f0704e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/guidelineUseRtl = 0x7f040208
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/spinBars = 0x7f040413
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large = 0x7f1300f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemTextColor = 0x7f040267
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/spanCount = 0x7f040412
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/errorTextAppearance = 0x7f0401ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layoutManager = 0x7f040276
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/snackbarTextViewStyle = 0x7f040411
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle = 0x7f040083
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_593sp = 0x7f0706d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/editTextColor = 0x7f040194
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_824pxv = 0x7f0709d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/sizePercent = 0x7f04040d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/singleChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f04040a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_638pxv = 0x7f070766
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/simpleItems = 0x7f040409
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/action_context_bar = 0x7f090044
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_858pxh = 0x7f070a41
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/collapsedSize = 0x7f0400f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_832sp = 0x7f0709ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/showDividers = 0x7f0403fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fabAlignmentMode = 0x7f0401c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_fab_shadow_start_color = 0x7f060068
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/borderWidth = 0x7f04006b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_color = 0x7f060049
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/simpleItemLayout = 0x7f040406
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/showCaption = 0x7f0403fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_113pxv = 0x7f070094
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_offset = 0x7f070d2b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/m3_alert_dialog_actions = 0x7f0c004d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/flow_lastVerticalBias = 0x7f0401ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/showAsAction = 0x7f0403f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/reverseSawtooth = 0x7f0901f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1084pxv = 0x7f07006c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/neverCompleteToEnd = 0x7f0901a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_811pxv = 0x7f0709a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1303a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/autoWidthFixing = 0x7f040047
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/linear_layout = 0x7f090151
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier = 0x7f04027b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_178pxv = 0x7f070169
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_164pxh = 0x7f07013b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/transitionFlags = 0x7f0404f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/dragScale = 0x7f040180
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/behavior_halfExpandedRatio = 0x7f040062
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/material_clock_hand = 0x7f09015d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/shapeAppearanceSmallComponent = 0x7f0403f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textInputLayoutFocusedRectEnabled = 0x7f04049d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_535sp = 0x7f070611
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_20pxv = 0x7f0701d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_604sp = 0x7f0706f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerExtraSmall = 0x7f0403ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_355pxv = 0x7f0703b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_182pxv = 0x7f070178
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f130413
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_118pxh = 0x7f0700a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_horizontal_offset = 0x7f070cd7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_237sp = 0x7f070230
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_59sp = 0x7f0706e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/secondaryActivityName = 0x7f0403e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/iss_period = 0x7f040246
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_284sp = 0x7f0702cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/secondaryActivityAction = 0x7f0403e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_material = 0x7f080033
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialDividerStyle = 0x7f0402f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/scrimAnimationDuration = 0x7f0403de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/scaleOnScroll = 0x7f0403db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_primary70 = 0x7f060128
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1104pxv = 0x7f070089
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/closeIcon = 0x7f0400ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/lStar = 0x7f04026c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/tv_forgetpassword = 0x7f090280
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/route = 0x7f0403d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_468sp = 0x7f070530
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/roundPercent = 0x7f0403d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_progress_bar_height_material = 0x7f070b6d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_758sp = 0x7f0708f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1302f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Body.Text = 0x7f130113
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/round = 0x7f0403d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/verticalOffset = 0x7f0404fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Line2 = 0x7f1301a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_98sp = 0x7f070b27
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_614pxv = 0x7f070718
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f070bf8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_789pxh = 0x7f07095a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3 = 0x7f13025b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f13003b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_153sp = 0x7f070119
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/checkedIconEnabled = 0x7f0400b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_41pxh = 0x7f07048f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/cornerFamilyBottomRight = 0x7f040149
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/MaterialTextAppearance = 0x7f140065
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_357sp = 0x7f0703bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f0c0053
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemMaxLines = 0x7f040254
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/NO_DEBUG = 0x7f090008
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/rippleColor = 0x7f0403d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_507sp = 0x7f0705b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionPathRotate = 0x7f040344
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/windowMinWidthMinor = 0x7f040514
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/removeEmbeddedFabElevation = 0x7f0403d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/defaultNavHost = 0x7f04016c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_baseline_add_shopping_cart_24 = 0x7f0800c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape = 0x7f08002b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorControlActivated = 0x7f040107
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceDisplayLarge = 0x7f040473
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_453pxv = 0x7f0704ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f13000e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_129pxv = 0x7f0700c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_188pxv = 0x7f07018a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f13008e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/imagePanX = 0x7f04022c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/fragment_fast_out_extra_slow_in = 0x7f010020
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_331pxv = 0x7f07036a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/splitRatio = 0x7f040419
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/recyclerViewStyle = 0x7f0403cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_478pxv = 0x7f070550
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/deriveConstraintsFrom = 0x7f040171
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemShapeInsetTop = 0x7f040260
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/reactiveGuide_valueId = 0x7f0403cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f13012a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/btn_next = 0x7f09007f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/ratingBarStyleIndicator = 0x7f0403c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/queryBackground = 0x7f0403c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/primaryActivityName = 0x7f0403ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Caption = 0x7f1301dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Design.Suffix = 0x7f1301b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_464sp = 0x7f070524
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f13024b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_282pxv = 0x7f0702c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemRippleColor = 0x7f040259
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_133sp = 0x7f0700d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialDisplayDividerStyle = 0x7f0402f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.MonthNavigationButton = 0x7f130376
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionModeCopyDrawable = 0x7f040017
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/previousButtonId = 0x7f0403b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_34pxv = 0x7f0703a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionDurationShort4 = 0x7f04032d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/pressedTranslationZ = 0x7f0403b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabPaddingEnd = 0x7f04045c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/select_dialog_singlechoice_material = 0x7f0c0093
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_up_black_24dp = 0x7f0800ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/preserveIconSpacing = 0x7f0403b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/prefixTextColor = 0x7f0403b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/destination = 0x7f040172
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_843sp = 0x7f070a13
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_654pxh = 0x7f07079b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/popupTheme = 0x7f0403b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_34sp = 0x7f0703a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_312sp = 0x7f07032c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_185sp = 0x7f070182
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/imageFile = 0x7f09012a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeStyle = 0x7f0401d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_144pxv = 0x7f0700fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_padding = 0x7f070d2c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_132pxh = 0x7f0700d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/parentPanel = 0x7f0901cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintDimensionRatio = 0x7f040288
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/white_A700 = 0x7f0602dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_handle_color = 0x7f0d0027
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_572pxh = 0x7f07068a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_action_search = 0x7f0800c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/progressBarPadding = 0x7f0403bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chipCornerRadius = 0x7f0400c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_54pxh = 0x7f07063f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_258pxv = 0x7f070274
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/html = 0x7f0800b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/polarRelativeTo = 0x7f0403a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f130035
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabTextColor = 0x7f040464
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/textinput_helper_text = 0x7f090266
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_placeholderColor = 0x7f040364
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f070cba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/placeholder_emptyVisibility = 0x7f0403a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_41sp = 0x7f070491
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_primary = 0x7f060240
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_347pxv = 0x7f07039d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/androidx_startup = 0x7f12001e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/beginOnFirstDraw = 0x7f09006e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f13027e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/splitTrack = 0x7f04041a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_848pxh = 0x7f070a20
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceOverline = 0x7f040487
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_145pxh = 0x7f0700fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/percentWidth = 0x7f04039e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/passwordToggleContentDescription = 0x7f040396
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_432pxv = 0x7f0704ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_22pxv = 0x7f070217
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/fill = 0x7f0900fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f070cbd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.NavigationButton = 0x7f130105
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/titleCentered = 0x7f0404c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/RecyclerView = 0x7f140088
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_24 = 0x7f090028
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_571sp = 0x7f070689
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_height = 0x7f070c30
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarSearchIconTintColorDark = 0x7f0602c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutMediumStyle = 0x7f040100
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_editor_absoluteX = 0x7f0402ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/panelMenuListTheme = 0x7f040394
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/panelBackground = 0x7f040393
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/alpha = 0x7f04002f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_414pxh = 0x7f07047d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_294pxv = 0x7f0702ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionModeSelectAllDrawable = 0x7f04001c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat = 0x7f140051
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/paddingTopSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f040392
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_638sp = 0x7f070767
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/background_material_light = 0x7f060021
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_578pxv = 0x7f07069d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_588sp = 0x7f0706bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/paddingEnd = 0x7f04038d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_279sp = 0x7f0702ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked = 0x7f08010b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/imageRotate = 0x7f04022f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_137pxh = 0x7f0700e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleMedium = 0x7f1301d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionModeBackground = 0x7f040013
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/dividerInsetStart = 0x7f04017b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_153pxh = 0x7f070117
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/scopeUris = 0x7f0403dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/Spinner = 0x7f140092
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabGravity = 0x7f04044c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mt_recycler = 0x7f090182
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light = 0x7f080050
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemSpacing = 0x7f040261
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/number = 0x7f040380
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/autoSizeStepGranularity = 0x7f040044
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_171sp = 0x7f070155
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/paddingBottomNoButtons = 0x7f04038b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/daySelectedStyle = 0x7f040168
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_dark_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f060096
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_400 = 0x7f0a0019
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/deliver_address = 0x7f0900cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_506pxh = 0x7f0705af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/behavior_saveFlags = 0x7f040066
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset = 0x7f070da7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/onStateTransition = 0x7f040387
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/flow_lastHorizontalBias = 0x7f0401ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/listMenuViewStyle = 0x7f0402c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/onCross = 0x7f040382
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_591sp = 0x7f0706cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/nullable = 0x7f04037f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/nestedScrollFlags = 0x7f040378
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_454pxh = 0x7f070501
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/contentInsetEnd = 0x7f040136
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_321sp = 0x7f07034a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/navigationContentDescription = 0x7f040372
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_vertical_margin = 0x7f070d51
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_596sp = 0x7f0706da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_135sp = 0x7f0700dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_goneMarginBottom = 0x7f0402ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f070c99
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/abc_slide_in_top = 0x7f010007
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionDurationExtraLong2 = 0x7f04031f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_194pxh = 0x7f07019e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/navGraph = 0x7f040371
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/BottomAppBar = 0x7f140019
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_291pxh = 0x7f0702e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/circularflow_defaultAngle = 0x7f0400e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_390pxh = 0x7f07042c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/postLayout = 0x7f0901da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomStart = 0x7f040079
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_124pxv = 0x7f0700b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_navigation_item_text_color = 0x7f0600b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/subtitle = 0x7f04043d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/multiChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f040370
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/SHOWCASE = 0x7f09000a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionModeStyle = 0x7f04001f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/haloColor = 0x7f040209
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/enableEdgeToEdge = 0x7f04019b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f0600b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_searchIconUseTint = 0x7f04036b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/viewTransitionOnPositiveCross = 0x7f040502
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceHeadline5 = 0x7f04047a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_searchIconTint = 0x7f04036a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/floatingActionButtonSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_175pxh = 0x7f07015f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_roundedSearchBarEnabled = 0x7f040367
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/spinnerDropDownItemStyle = 0x7f040414
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/counterEnabled = 0x7f040152
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/activity_order_complete = 0x7f0c0025
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_placeholder = 0x7f040363
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_670pxh = 0x7f0707d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_middleTextSelectorDrawable = 0x7f04035e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/buttonIconTint = 0x7f04008a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/green = 0x7f060079
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_menuIconDrawable = 0x7f04035b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1010pxv = 0x7f07000d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_maxSuggestionsCount = 0x7f040359
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_leftTextSelectorDrawable = 0x7f040357
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f1301ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070c33
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/titleEnabled = 0x7f0404c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_highlightedTextColor = 0x7f040354
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_752pxh = 0x7f0708e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_extra_small = 0x7f070d5c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/switchTextAppearance = 0x7f040449
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_652sp = 0x7f070797
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_clearIconDrawable = 0x7f04034f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_698sp = 0x7f07082d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/toolbarStyle = 0x7f0404d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/OnClick = 0x7f140080
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_backIconDrawable = 0x7f04034b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/viewTransitionOnNegativeCross = 0x7f040501
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_363pxh = 0x7f0703d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chipStyle = 0x7f0400d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_598pxh = 0x7f0706de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Left = 0x7f130165
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_255pxh = 0x7f07026a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_tint_seek_thumb = 0x7f060016
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level5 = 0x7f070c7d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f080028
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionInterpolator = 0x7f040342
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionEffect_viewTransition = 0x7f040341
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f1302b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionEffect_strict = 0x7f04033e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/password = 0x7f1200ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/swift = 0x7f080148
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_375pxv = 0x7f0703fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_387pxv = 0x7f070421
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/shrinkMotionSpec = 0x7f040405
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textBackgroundRotate = 0x7f040494
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionEasingStandardAccelerateInterpolator = 0x7f040337
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/start = 0x7f090237
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chipSurfaceColor = 0x7f0400d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_extra_large_family = 0x7f0d0046
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/hoveredFocusedTranslationZ = 0x7f04021d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionEasingStandard = 0x7f040336
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_815pxv = 0x7f0709b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar.FullWidth = 0x7f130390
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionEasingLinearInterpolator = 0x7f040335
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedAccelerateInterpolator = 0x7f040331
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplaySmall = 0x7f1301bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionEasingAccelerated = 0x7f04032e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_state_list_animator = 0x7f02001e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_532pxv = 0x7f070607
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textInputStyle = 0x7f0404a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/linearProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f0402c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/fallback_menu_item_copy_link = 0x7f120050
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_small = 0x7f070d63
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral90 = 0x7f060110
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/passwordToggleDrawable = 0x7f040397
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/bottomSheetDragHandleStyle = 0x7f040073
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_382sp = 0x7f070413
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionDurationShort3 = 0x7f04032c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/coordinator = 0x7f0900bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1066pxv = 0x7f070054
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_783sp = 0x7f07094a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionDurationShort2 = 0x7f04032b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fontFamily = 0x7f0401f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fabAlignmentModeEndMargin = 0x7f0401c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/notification_template_big_media_narrow = 0x7f0c0083
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionDurationShort1 = 0x7f04032a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/marginHorizontal = 0x7f0402d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_134pxh = 0x7f0700d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/browser_actions_header_text = 0x7f090078
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_tertiary = 0x7f060267
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/backgroundColor = 0x7f040049
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_135pxv = 0x7f0700dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral95 = 0x7f0600c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/percentHeight = 0x7f04039d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_359pxh = 0x7f0703c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tickMark = 0x7f0404bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/checkedIconSize = 0x7f0400ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionDurationMedium3 = 0x7f040328
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationRailView = 0x7f130387
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_text_cursor_material = 0x7f080068
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionDurationMedium2 = 0x7f040327
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_139pxv = 0x7f0700e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/paddingRightSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f04038f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionDurationLong4 = 0x7f040325
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/fitXY = 0x7f090106
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1302c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_outline = 0x7f060177
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/notification_main_column = 0x7f0901b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f130049
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionDurationExtraLong4 = 0x7f040321
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_84pxh = 0x7f070a26
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f1300d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionDurationExtraLong1 = 0x7f04031e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f1301dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/attributeName = 0x7f04003c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1052pxv = 0x7f070043
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080067
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_409pxv = 0x7f07046c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001 = 0x7f080030
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_panel_menu_list_width = 0x7f070b6c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/m3_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020011
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tooltipText = 0x7f0404d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection.Fullscreen = 0x7f1303e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f130399
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_142pxv = 0x7f0700f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/background = 0x7f040048
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorOnSurfaceInverse = 0x7f040117
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_primary_container = 0x7f060163
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/circle_center = 0x7f0900ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/highlighted_text_material_dark = 0x7f06007b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/expandedTitleMarginStart = 0x7f0401b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light = 0x7f06000a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mock_labelColor = 0x7f04031a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionEasingEmphasized = 0x7f040330
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorOnContainer = 0x7f04010d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_362sp = 0x7f0703d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintCircle = 0x7f040285
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/minSeparation = 0x7f040314
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1300b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_326pxh = 0x7f070357
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/blendSrc = 0x7f040068
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/queryHint = 0x7f0403c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/status_bar_notification_info_maxnum = 0x7f0a0051
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/uri = 0x7f0404f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_hoysala = 0x7f0800ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_34pxh = 0x7f0703a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with = 0x7f120018
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/continuousVelocity = 0x7f0900bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_776sp = 0x7f070932
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_411pxv = 0x7f070475
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/maxAcceleration = 0x7f040303
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_198sp = 0x7f0701ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/telltales_tailColor = 0x7f040468
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070bcb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_secondary = 0x7f060171
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/viewInflaterClass = 0x7f0404fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/design_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020003
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_action_menu = 0x7f0800bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialIconButtonStyle = 0x7f0402fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f13019c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/snackbar_text = 0x7f090226
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_384pxh = 0x7f070417
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Item = 0x7f1303eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_337pxh = 0x7f07037b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/selectableItemBackgroundBorderless = 0x7f0403e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.BottomAppBar.Container.Shape = 0x7f130146
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/abc_fade_out = 0x7f010001
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintVertical_weight = 0x7f0402a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_284pxv = 0x7f0702cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f130222
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialIconButtonFilledStyle = 0x7f0402fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/boxBackgroundColor = 0x7f040075
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_variant = 0x7f06017d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/material_cursor_drawable = 0x7f0800f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_537pxv = 0x7f070616
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_523sp = 0x7f0705ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_tint_edittext = 0x7f060015
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_rightTextSelectorDrawable = 0x7f040365
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialCalendarDayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f0402e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialCardViewStyle = 0x7f0402f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/mtrl_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020020
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid.Inverse = 0x7f1302d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/x_right = 0x7f0902aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_scrollInterpolator = 0x7f0402ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialCalendarStyle = 0x7f0402ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f130009
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_346pxh = 0x7f070399
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionModeTheme = 0x7f040020
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/nextButtonMargin = 0x7f04037d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialCalendarHeaderToggleButton = 0x7f0402eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/constraintRotate = 0x7f04012d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/onInterceptTouchReturnSwipe = 0x7f0901ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f130229
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_list_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0c0010
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialButtonToggleGroupStyle = 0x7f0402e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1300d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_filled_icon_tint = 0x7f060281
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceListItemSmall = 0x7f040486
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/liftOnScrollTargetViewId = 0x7f0402bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_865sp = 0x7f070a5b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_812pxh = 0x7f0709ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialAlertDialogTitlePanelStyle = 0x7f0402dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_355pxh = 0x7f0703b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialAlertDialogButtonSpacerVisibility = 0x7f0402da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarHintColorDark = 0x7f0602b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/cardPreventCornerOverlap = 0x7f040099
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/tooltip_frame_light = 0x7f08014b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f130061
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chipStrokeWidth = 0x7f0400d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/iconifiedByDefault = 0x7f040226
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_181sp = 0x7f070176
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_845pxh = 0x7f070a17
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/elevationOverlayAccentColor = 0x7f040197
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/logoAdjustViewBounds = 0x7f0402d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_error70 = 0x7f060101
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010017
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceLargePopupMenu = 0x7f040482
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_control_inset_material = 0x7f070b51
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_154pxv = 0x7f07011b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_grey_100 = 0x7f06020d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_hintColor = 0x7f040356
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabPaddingTop = 0x7f04045e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/enforceTextAppearance = 0x7f0401a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_error20 = 0x7f0600fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1048pxv = 0x7f07003c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_179pxv = 0x7f07016c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/buttonSize = 0x7f04008d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_5pxh = 0x7f0706e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingRight = 0x7f0402cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_302pxv = 0x7f07030a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_119pxv = 0x7f0700a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/top_bottom_shadow = 0x7f08014c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f070c81
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral20 = 0x7f0601cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingLeft = 0x7f0402ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f070d2f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/state_indeterminate = 0x7f04042e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/carouselType = 0x7f0400a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/showBottomShadow = 0x7f0403fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_639pxv = 0x7f070769
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/closeIconStartPadding = 0x7f0400f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated = 0x7f0402c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_40pxh = 0x7f07046e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/lineHeight = 0x7f0402bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/limitBoundsTo = 0x7f0402be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_698pxv = 0x7f07082c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_504pxv = 0x7f0705aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_648pxv = 0x7f070787
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.None = 0x7f130156
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/TOP_START = 0x7f090014
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_212pxv = 0x7f0701de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_goneMarginTop = 0x7f0402b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionBarTabBarStyle = 0x7f040009
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f130279
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_355sp = 0x7f0703b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/colorAccent = 0x7f06003a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/linear_indeterminate_line1_tail_interpolator = 0x7f010022
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_goneMarginRight = 0x7f0402b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_406pxv = 0x7f070463
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mock_labelBackgroundColor = 0x7f040319
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/passwordToggleTintMode = 0x7f04039a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarPrimaryColor = 0x7f0602c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/yearTodayStyle = 0x7f040518
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_dodgeInsetEdges = 0x7f0402aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable = 0x7f0401cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/material_timepicker_clock_mode_description = 0x7f12007d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintWidth_percent = 0x7f0402a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_appbar_overlay_color = 0x7f06007e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintWidth_min = 0x7f0402a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_668sp = 0x7f0707ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/backgroundInsetStart = 0x7f04004c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_light = 0x7f06002d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_178sp = 0x7f07016a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_706sp = 0x7f07084b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_dark_default_color_on_background = 0x7f06004d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left = 0x7f070b62
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintLeft_creator = 0x7f040296
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceTitleMedium = 0x7f04048f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle = 0x7f040294
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorSurfaceInverse = 0x7f040127
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_834pxv = 0x7f0709f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_789pxv = 0x7f07095b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintHeight_percent = 0x7f040292
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/backgroundTintMode = 0x7f040052
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintHeight_default = 0x7f04028f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f1301e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/action_search = 0x7f12001c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_181pxv = 0x7f070175
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/SplitPairRule = 0x7f140094
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorOnSurfaceVariant = 0x7f040118
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_back_vector = 0x7f0800c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1073pxv = 0x7f07005e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_339sp = 0x7f070383
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_374pxh = 0x7f0703f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/flow_verticalBias = 0x7f0401f1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf = 0x7f040289
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_515pxv = 0x7f0705ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_266pxh = 0x7f07028e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_260pxv = 0x7f07027d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_96pxv = 0x7f070b0c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/indeterminateProgressStyle = 0x7f040233
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintCircleRadius = 0x7f040287
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_344sp = 0x7f070395
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/unchecked = 0x7f08014d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_316pxv = 0x7f070337
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_458pxh = 0x7f07050d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1300b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_171pxh = 0x7f070153
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/scrimBackground = 0x7f0403df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short3 = 0x7f0a0030
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_555pxh = 0x7f070651
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/ci_drawable = 0x7f0400d5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/buttonPanelSideLayout = 0x7f04008c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_ref_typeface_plain_regular = 0x7f0d0042
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/buttonStyle = 0x7f04008e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding = 0x7f070d37
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_primary = 0x7f060159
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/cardCornerRadius = 0x7f040095
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fontProviderFetchStrategy = 0x7f0401f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_233sp = 0x7f070224
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_outline = 0x7f06023e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/perpendicularPath_percent = 0x7f0403a1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_331pxh = 0x7f070369
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_dark = 0x7f08004b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_224pxh = 0x7f070204
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_extended_fab_top_padding = 0x7f070c53
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_490pxh = 0x7f070579
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_track_outline_color = 0x7f0d003e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorBackgroundFloating = 0x7f040104
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Design.HelperText = 0x7f1301b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layoutDescription = 0x7f040274
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010018
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_651sp = 0x7f070794
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_685sp = 0x7f070803
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/expandedTitleMarginEnd = 0x7f0401b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constrainedHeight = 0x7f04027c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_shadow = 0x7f060263
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/lastBaselineToBottomHeight = 0x7f040270
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chipIconEnabled = 0x7f0400c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_226sp = 0x7f07020c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_187sp = 0x7f070188
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f06002b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_476pxh = 0x7f070549
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/indicatorInset = 0x7f040237
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/motion_base = 0x7f090179
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_activitychooserview_choose_application = 0x7f120005
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_speechIconDrawable = 0x7f04036c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorErrorContainer = 0x7f04010b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_menuIconUseTint = 0x7f04035d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_secondary_text_material_dark = 0x7f060011
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/boxCollapsedPaddingTop = 0x7f040077
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_884sp = 0x7f070a9a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/drawableStartCompat = 0x7f040188
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f130099
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f06011c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/notification_large_icon_width = 0x7f070d95
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_372sp = 0x7f0703f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_76pxv = 0x7f07091c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f13022f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/helperTextTextAppearance = 0x7f04020f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070d4d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_appbar_expanded_title_margin_bottom = 0x7f070be0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/activityAction = 0x7f040027
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable = 0x7f0401ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/clockFaceBackgroundColor = 0x7f0400eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceLabelLarge = 0x7f04047f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/material_clock_period_pm_button = 0x7f09015f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/imageScaleType = 0x7f040230
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintStart_toEndOf = 0x7f04029c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_413pxv = 0x7f07047b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialCalendarTheme = 0x7f0402ef
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_553pxv = 0x7f07064c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fontVariationSettings = 0x7f0401ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/darker_gray = 0x7f060048
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemHorizontalTranslationEnabled = 0x7f040250
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_741sp = 0x7f0708c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_602pxh = 0x7f0706f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarBackIconTintColorDark = 0x7f0602b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1044pxv = 0x7f070038
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/spread = 0x7f09022f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/backgroundStacked = 0x7f040050
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_height = 0x7f070d72
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_primary = 0x7f06016c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_filled_icon_button_container_color_selector = 0x7f0600a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/cardForegroundColor = 0x7f040097
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_dynamic_dark_highlighted_text = 0x7f06009b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f060285
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintWidth = 0x7f0402a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/carousel_infinite = 0x7f0400a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_603pxv = 0x7f0706f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chipStandaloneStyle = 0x7f0400cd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/initialActivityCount = 0x7f04023b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_577pxv = 0x7f07069a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f130179
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f13011a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/singleSelection = 0x7f04040c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/bottomsheet_action_collapse = 0x7f120023
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/ignoreRequest = 0x7f090127
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_track_color = 0x7f0d002f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/indicatorMargin = 0x7f040238
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_37pxh = 0x7f070408
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/password_atleast_6_characters = 0x7f1200cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1sp = 0x7f0701b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070c5c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral70 = 0x7f0601d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fabSize = 0x7f0401ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_298sp = 0x7f0702f9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/checkMarkTintMode = 0x7f0400b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_25 = 0x7f090029
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionModeCutDrawable = 0x7f040018
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_535pxh = 0x7f07060f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/windowFixedHeightMajor = 0x7f04050f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_110sp = 0x7f07008c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar = 0x7f070b86
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_secondary = 0x7f06017a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_461sp = 0x7f07051b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/dragDirection = 0x7f04017f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/container = 0x7f0900b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textFillColor = 0x7f040499
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/errorContentDescription = 0x7f0401a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_510pxv = 0x7f0705bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/imagePlaceholder = 0x7f04022e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/listItemLayout = 0x7f0402c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/navigationViewStyle = 0x7f040377
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_navigation_item_icon_tint = 0x7f0600b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/primary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0602a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_408pxh = 0x7f070468
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_secondary_container = 0x7f060188
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/flow_horizontalStyle = 0x7f0401e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.HelperText = 0x7f130418
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/fragment_open_exit = 0x7f02000a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/fitCenter = 0x7f090102
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/imageButtonStyle = 0x7f04022b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/material_timepicker_view = 0x7f09016b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_height = 0x7f070ba5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/abc_slide_out_top = 0x7f010009
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chipIconVisible = 0x7f0400c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_appbar_size_compact = 0x7f070be5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_733pxh = 0x7f0708a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f130369
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/checkedState = 0x7f0400bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_802pxh = 0x7f07098a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral60 = 0x7f0601d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/x_left = 0x7f0902a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/scrimVisibleHeightTrigger = 0x7f0403e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_197pxv = 0x7f0701a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_115sp = 0x7f07009b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_switch_track_viewport_height = 0x7f0a004a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_100 = 0x7f0a0012
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/cornerSize = 0x7f04014d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_149sp = 0x7f07010a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/iconTint = 0x7f040224
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_820sp = 0x7f0709c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/collapsedTitleTextColor = 0x7f0400fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarPrimaryColorDark = 0x7f0602c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1001pxv = 0x7f070001
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0b0000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/iconStartPadding = 0x7f040223
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/staggered = 0x7f040422
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/insetForeground = 0x7f04023c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/hintTextAppearance = 0x7f040217
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable = 0x7f0401cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f130091
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionBarSize = 0x7f040006
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_13sp = 0x7f0700ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dark = 0x7f13026f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1300a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/collapsedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0400fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/chain2 = 0x7f0900a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/customIntegerValue = 0x7f040160
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineSmall = 0x7f1301c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_primary_container = 0x7f06018f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/iconSize = 0x7f040222
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerExtraLarge = 0x7f0403ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_853pxv = 0x7f070a33
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1050pxv = 0x7f070041
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/circleCrop = 0x7f0400dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/dragAnticlockwise = 0x7f0900e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_694pxv = 0x7f070820
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_148pxh = 0x7f070105
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_336sp = 0x7f07037a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/listLayout = 0x7f0402c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f070c56
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light = 0x7f060001
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintHeight_max = 0x7f040290
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/hideOnContentScroll = 0x7f040213
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body1 = 0x7f1301da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textureHeight = 0x7f0404aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/titleTextEllipsize = 0x7f0404cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_primary_container = 0x7f06015a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/subtitleTextAppearance = 0x7f04043f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/helperText = 0x7f04020d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_23pxv = 0x7f070238
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_546sp = 0x7f070635
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f060176
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_910pxv = 0x7f070ac0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_checkbox_button_tint = 0x7f06008c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_94pxh = 0x7f070af1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f06011d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_640sp = 0x7f070770
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/drawableEndCompat = 0x7f040184
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/framePosition = 0x7f040203
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/KeyFramesVelocity = 0x7f14004c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f070c84
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_calendar_content_padding = 0x7f070cfc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/expandedHintEnabled = 0x7f0401b2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_157pxv = 0x7f070124
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f070d45
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_timepicker_button_background = 0x7f060228
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionProviderClass = 0x7f040024
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f130069
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f13003d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleTextStyle = 0x7f0402de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fontProviderPackage = 0x7f0401fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chipStrokeColor = 0x7f0400cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_388sp = 0x7f070425
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_margin = 0x7f070d4b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chipIconTint = 0x7f0400c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1301f4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000 = 0x7f080059
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/listChoiceBackgroundIndicator = 0x7f0402c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_tertiary = 0x7f0601a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_30sp = 0x7f070323
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1028pxv = 0x7f070022
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_309sp = 0x7f070320
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_161pxv = 0x7f070133
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_559sp = 0x7f07065f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/m3_extended_fab_state_list_animator = 0x7f020013
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/autoSizeMinTextSize = 0x7f040042
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/state_collapsed = 0x7f04042a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f070cf3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fontProviderCerts = 0x7f0401f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/subtitle_outline_width = 0x7f070da1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_628sp = 0x7f070746
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/labeled = 0x7f09013f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_267pxh = 0x7f070291
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/endIconContentDescription = 0x7f04019d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/loading = 0x7f0800ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_btn_z = 0x7f070cf7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/font = 0x7f0401f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark = 0x7f060009
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/scalingFactor = 0x7f0403dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/flow_verticalStyle = 0x7f0401f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/m3_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionModePopupWindowStyle = 0x7f04001b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_313sp = 0x7f07032f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/flow_horizontalAlign = 0x7f0401e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/viewTransitionMode = 0x7f0404ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceHeadline1 = 0x7f040476
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_419pxv = 0x7f07048d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/seekBarStyle = 0x7f0403e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_256sp = 0x7f07026f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_203pxv = 0x7f0701c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1085pxv = 0x7f07006d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/flow_firstHorizontalBias = 0x7f0401e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/AppCompatTextView = 0x7f140014
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_929pxv = 0x7f070ad6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/cornerSizeBottomRight = 0x7f04014f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_896pxv = 0x7f070aa9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral20 = 0x7f060109
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/extendMotionSpec = 0x7f0401bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Button = 0x7f130162
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/searchIcon = 0x7f0403e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_174sp = 0x7f07015e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_567pxh = 0x7f070678
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_tint_switch_track = 0x7f060018
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/floatingActionButtonSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_475sp = 0x7f070548
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/boxStrokeErrorColor = 0x7f04007d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f130054
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_306pxh = 0x7f070315
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/indicatorDirectionLinear = 0x7f040236
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_slider_halo_color = 0x7f06014b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/behavior_skipCollapsed = 0x7f040067
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/cornerFamily = 0x7f040147
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/listPopupWindowStyle = 0x7f0402c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_686pxh = 0x7f070804
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/carousel_touchUpMode = 0x7f0400ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallStyle = 0x7f0401dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_176sp = 0x7f070164
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/next_button_container = 0x7f0901ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionDurationExtraLong3 = 0x7f040320
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_27sp = 0x7f0702bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/firstBaselineToTopHeight = 0x7f0401d2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_124sp = 0x7f0700b9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_944pxv = 0x7f070aeb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_353sp = 0x7f0703b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_tertiary100 = 0x7f060202
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f13023a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintTop_creator = 0x7f04029f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/contentPadding = 0x7f04013c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/maxButtonHeight = 0x7f040305
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/toolbar_all_categories = 0x7f090271
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/list_item = 0x7f090153
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Design.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f13030d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_410pxh = 0x7f070471
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary60 = 0x7f0600e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/TextAppearance = 0x7f14009e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/iss_title_background = 0x7f04024a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_badge_vertical_offset = 0x7f070bea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutLargeStyle = 0x7f0400fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/triggerSlack = 0x7f0404f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_984pxv = 0x7f070b1f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionDurationMedium1 = 0x7f040326
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/hintAnimationEnabled = 0x7f040215
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f070ba8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/iv_goggle_icon = 0x7f09013c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_603pxh = 0x7f0706f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_font_1_3_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f070cc0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/barrier = 0x7f09006c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_125pxv = 0x7f0700bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable = 0x7f0401cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fabCradleMargin = 0x7f0401c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_145pxv = 0x7f0700fd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_inset = 0x7f070c09
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearancePopupMenuHeader = 0x7f040488
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_334sp = 0x7f070374
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f13001d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/extraMultilineHeightEnabled = 0x7f0401c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_calendar_day_of_week = 0x7f0c0066
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/leftToRight = 0x7f090147
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_196pxv = 0x7f0701a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_135pxh = 0x7f0700db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_499sp = 0x7f070596
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/expandedTitleTextColor = 0x7f0401ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_expanded_menu_layout = 0x7f0c000d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_273pxh = 0x7f0702a6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_625pxv = 0x7f07073c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_58pxh = 0x7f0706c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/red = 0x7f0602ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chipSpacingHorizontal = 0x7f0400cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_198pxv = 0x7f0701ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010026
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_14pxv = 0x7f07010c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f070c96
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/expandedTitleMarginTop = 0x7f0401b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/expandedTitleGravity = 0x7f0401b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_435pxv = 0x7f0704c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionEffect_end = 0x7f04033b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/dynamicColorThemeOverlay = 0x7f040192
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/expanded = 0x7f0401b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_779sp = 0x7f07093b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_badge_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f070cd2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/exitAnim = 0x7f0401af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_surfaceTint = 0x7f060247
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/saturation = 0x7f0403d9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.DayNight = 0x7f130219
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary50 = 0x7f060140
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1300ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_741pxv = 0x7f0708bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1302a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f090186
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/errorShown = 0x7f0401ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/snap = 0x7f090227
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/errorIconTintMode = 0x7f0401ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material = 0x7f070b3b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_behavior = 0x7f040279
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/behavior_fitToContents = 0x7f040061
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_710pxv = 0x7f070859
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_494sp = 0x7f070587
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f1303d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/noScroll = 0x7f0901ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/errorIconTint = 0x7f0401aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/showIndicator = 0x7f0403fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_866pxv = 0x7f070a5d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelMedium = 0x7f1301d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_303pxh = 0x7f07030c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/errorIconDrawable = 0x7f0401a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionViewClass = 0x7f040026
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_727sp = 0x7f070890
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_tooltip = 0x7f0c001b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/ensureMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f0401a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/springMass = 0x7f04041d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_606sp = 0x7f0706fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_541sp = 0x7f070626
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/endIconDrawable = 0x7f04019e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_scrollEffect = 0x7f0402b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_303pxv = 0x7f07030d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/menuAlignmentMode = 0x7f04030e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/fragment_close_enter = 0x7f020005
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/emojiCompatEnabled = 0x7f04019a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_346pxv = 0x7f07039a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f080060
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineMedium = 0x7f04047d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemTextAppearanceInactive = 0x7f040266
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabIndicatorHeight = 0x7f040455
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/bounceEnd = 0x7f090076
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_829sp = 0x7f0709e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_onTertiary = 0x7f06023c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/popupWindowStyle = 0x7f0403b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_backIconUseTint = 0x7f04034d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/drawerLayoutStyle = 0x7f04018e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/deltaPolarRadius = 0x7f040170
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/quantizeMotionSteps = 0x7f0403bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/baseline = 0x7f09006d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_347sp = 0x7f07039e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f13038b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/contentInsetStartWithNavigation = 0x7f04013b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_860pxv = 0x7f070a4b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/colorPrimary = 0x7f06003b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.Colored = 0x7f130404
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/horizontal_only = 0x7f090120
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_884pxh = 0x7f070a98
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/drawerArrowStyle = 0x7f04018c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f130318
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_touch = 0x7f070dab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/antiClockwise = 0x7f09005f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f13012b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_554pxh = 0x7f07064e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_dark_default_color_background = 0x7f06004b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/root = 0x7f0901fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_27pxh = 0x7f0702bb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_85sp = 0x7f070a49
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/alphabeticModifiers = 0x7f040030
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/cornerFamilyTopLeft = 0x7f04014a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/material_ic_calendar_black_24dp = 0x7f0800f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/dataPattern = 0x7f040166
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_medium_family = 0x7f0d004a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionModeWebSearchDrawable = 0x7f040021
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_216sp = 0x7f0701eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/drawableRightCompat = 0x7f040186
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_navigation_drawer_layout_corner_size = 0x7f070c5b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_271sp = 0x7f0702a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/shapeAppearanceLargeComponent = 0x7f0403f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/dragThreshold = 0x7f040181
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/behavior_autoShrink = 0x7f04005e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_839pxh = 0x7f070a02
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textOutlineThickness = 0x7f0404a4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f130301
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/legacy = 0x7f090148
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_819pxh = 0x7f0709c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Body.Text = 0x7f13011c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_322pxh = 0x7f07034b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/notification_bg = 0x7f08012c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/percentX = 0x7f04039f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemShapeInsetEnd = 0x7f04025e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_308sp = 0x7f07031d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f130101
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutStyle = 0x7f040101
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_465pxv = 0x7f070526
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f1302fc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/contentPaddingBottom = 0x7f04013d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/cardMaxElevation = 0x7f040098
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_arrowSize = 0x7f070d8a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_226pxh = 0x7f07020a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_371pxh = 0x7f0703ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/centerInside = 0x7f09009e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/windowNoTitle = 0x7f040515
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/nav_default_pop_exit_anim = 0x7f020026
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/windowFixedWidthMinor = 0x7f040512
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderTitle = 0x7f1303e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/windowActionModeOverlay = 0x7f04050e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f0601dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/data = 0x7f040165
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_tertiaryContainer = 0x7f060268
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_994pxv = 0x7f070b2c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog = 0x7f130077
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/coordinater = 0x7f0900be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/counterTextColor = 0x7f040157
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/cornerRadius = 0x7f04014c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_icon_size = 0x7f070d4a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/customReference = 0x7f040163
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/thumbStrokeColor = 0x7f0404b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines = 0x7f070bc3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/customColorValue = 0x7f04015d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/customBoolean = 0x7f04015b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/dividerHorizontal = 0x7f040179
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_action_menu_overflow_description = 0x7f120002
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/material_motion_duration_medium_1 = 0x7f0a0034
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/m3_extended_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020012
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/common_google_play_services_install_text = 0x7f120033
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_232sp = 0x7f070221
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_653pxv = 0x7f070799
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/search_go_btn = 0x7f09020f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary10 = 0x7f06012e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_126pxv = 0x7f0700be
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_error = 0x7f06019d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f130378
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/switchMinWidth = 0x7f040446
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_677sp = 0x7f0707e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/appBarLayoutStyle = 0x7f040036
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/hint_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070bd2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/m3_btn_elevated_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_127sp = 0x7f0700c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_832pxh = 0x7f0709ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_435pxh = 0x7f0704c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ClockHandView = 0x7f140026
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/cornerSizeBottomLeft = 0x7f04014e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf = 0x7f04029a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_762sp = 0x7f070905
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_200sp = 0x7f0701b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom = 0x7f010005
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_fab_shadow_end_color = 0x7f060066
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_goneMarginLeft = 0x7f0402b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorPrimary = 0x7f04011c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f130362
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/controlBackground = 0x7f040145
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_841pxv = 0x7f070a0c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_209sp = 0x7f0701d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_184pxh = 0x7f07017d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_647pxh = 0x7f070783
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_856sp = 0x7f070a3d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/notification_template_lines_media = 0x7f0c0087
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorPrimaryContainer = 0x7f04011d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemStrokeWidth = 0x7f040263
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/m3_tabs_rounded_line_indicator = 0x7f0800f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_height = 0x7f070cb0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/contentScrim = 0x7f040143
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_41pxv = 0x7f070490
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_193pxv = 0x7f07019c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/titleMarginTop = 0x7f0404ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/subheaderInsetStart = 0x7f04043a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/carryVelocity = 0x7f09008b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_width = 0x7f070b6f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintRight_creator = 0x7f040299
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_115pxh = 0x7f070099
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/srcCompat = 0x7f040420
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_886pxv = 0x7f070a9c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_955pxv = 0x7f070af9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textureWidth = 0x7f0404ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_insetEdge = 0x7f0402b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/counterTextAppearance = 0x7f040156
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/next = 0x7f080127
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_772sp = 0x7f070926
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/expandedTitleMarginBottom = 0x7f0401b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet.DragHandle = 0x7f130320
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_navigation_item_ripple_color = 0x7f0600b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_203sp = 0x7f0701c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_581pxh = 0x7f0706a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionMode.Inverse = 0x7f1302e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1042pxv = 0x7f070036
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialCalendarMonth = 0x7f0402ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_876pxv = 0x7f070a7e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_483pxh = 0x7f070561
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/horizontalOffsetWithText = 0x7f04021c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle2 = 0x7f04048d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorAccent = 0x7f040103
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_483pxv = 0x7f070562
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_857pxv = 0x7f070a3f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/contentInsetRight = 0x7f040139
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_primary = 0x7f060182
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/black_900_0c = 0x7f060024
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/nextButtonLayout = 0x7f04037c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Flush = 0x7f13032e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_navigation_elevation = 0x7f070d4c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_553pxh = 0x7f07064b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/defaultDuration = 0x7f04016b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f070b4a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_280sp = 0x7f0702c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/duration = 0x7f040191
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_629pxh = 0x7f070747
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/circularflow_angles = 0x7f0400df
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_simple_item_color_hovered_alpha = 0x7f070c71
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemIconTint = 0x7f040253
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary90 = 0x7f0600f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_450 = 0x7f0a001a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f080040
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_default_color_surface = 0x7f060064
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_728pxh = 0x7f070891
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/buttonGravity = 0x7f040087
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionBarTheme = 0x7f04000c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_harmonized_color_error_container = 0x7f060215
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/carousel_touchUp_dampeningFactor = 0x7f0400ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_172pxv = 0x7f070157
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_985pxv = 0x7f070b20
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_tertiary80 = 0x7f060209
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_height = 0x7f070b6e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/gestureInsetBottomIgnored = 0x7f040205
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/fabAnimationMode = 0x7f0401c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/beginning = 0x7f09006f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/tabUnboundedRipple = 0x7f040465
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/content = 0x7f040134
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard_light = 0x7f060006
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorTertiaryContainer = 0x7f04012b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorTertiary = 0x7f04012a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_278pxv = 0x7f0702b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorSwitchThumbNormal = 0x7f040129
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialCalendarFullscreenTheme = 0x7f0402e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/showNavigationButtons = 0x7f040400
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/badgeWidePadding = 0x7f040057
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:bool/abc_action_bar_embed_tabs = 0x7f050000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_187pxv = 0x7f070187
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.DialogTitle.Icon = 0x7f130137
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/topShadowHeight = 0x7f0404dc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorScheme = 0x7f040122
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_299pxh = 0x7f0702fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/contentDescription = 0x7f040135
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/nav_default_enter_anim = 0x7f010028
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/constraints = 0x7f040133
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/bottomShadowAlpha = 0x7f040070
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/progressBarStyle = 0x7f0403bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_217pxh = 0x7f0701ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_445pxv = 0x7f0704e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f130261
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/overlapAnchor = 0x7f040389
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorPrimaryInverse = 0x7f04011f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_350pxh = 0x7f0703a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/thank = 0x7f09026a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material = 0x7f070b87
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_545sp = 0x7f070632
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f060098
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f130296
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral95 = 0x7f060111
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/light = 0x7f090149
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorOutline = 0x7f04011b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom = 0x7f010002
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1038pxv = 0x7f07002f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_219pxv = 0x7f0701f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopEnd = 0x7f04007a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_error_container = 0x7f060152
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/bottomInsetScrimEnabled = 0x7f04006e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_225pxh = 0x7f070207
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_149pxv = 0x7f070109
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/material_timepicker_mode_button = 0x7f090169
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_775sp = 0x7f07092f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_335pxv = 0x7f070376
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary20 = 0x7f0600e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_394pxv = 0x7f070439
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/bestChoice = 0x7f090070
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorOnErrorContainer = 0x7f040110
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/ci_height = 0x7f0400d8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/carouselPaddingEnd = 0x7f0400a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0b0003
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/jumpToStart = 0x7f09013e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_y1 = 0x7f070c94
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar.Inverse = 0x7f1302da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_list_item_height_material = 0x7f070b69
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_default_color_primary = 0x7f06005f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_499pxh = 0x7f070594
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chipMinHeight = 0x7f0400c8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_item = 0x7f0c0061
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/showTopShadow = 0x7f040404
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelLarge = 0x7f1301c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_margin_left = 0x7f070cb1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_switch_track_decoration_tint = 0x7f060293
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat = 0x7f14000a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/crossfade = 0x7f040158
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_614pxh = 0x7f070717
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/queryPatterns = 0x7f0403c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/flip = 0x7f090108
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_secondary60 = 0x7f0601fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorButtonNormal = 0x7f040105
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceListItem = 0x7f040484
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_157sp = 0x7f070125
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f130002
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/iss_placeholder = 0x7f040247
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_navigation_icon_padding = 0x7f070bb2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_293sp = 0x7f0702ea
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f13038d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/dividerVertical = 0x7f04017e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorOnTertiary = 0x7f040119
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_timepicker_secondary_text_button_ripple_color = 0x7f0601c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_138pxv = 0x7f0700e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_77pxv = 0x7f07093d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_primary60 = 0x7f0601ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/action_mode_close_button = 0x7f09004b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/clearTop = 0x7f0400e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_36pxv = 0x7f0703e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_tertiary95 = 0x7f06020b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/easeInOut = 0x7f0900ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/iconEndPadding = 0x7f04021f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f130356
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_outer_merged_animation = 0x7f01000d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_862sp = 0x7f070a52
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f130201
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_536pxv = 0x7f070613
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_tertiary50 = 0x7f060206
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/collapseContentDescription = 0x7f0400f7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/closeIconVisible = 0x7f0400f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionEasingStandardInterpolator = 0x7f040339
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1300cc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/common_google_play_services_update_button = 0x7f120039
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/abc_toolbar_collapse_description = 0x7f12001a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_510sp = 0x7f0705c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/clockNumberTextColor = 0x7f0400ee
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_962pxv = 0x7f070b03
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f0602cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral40 = 0x7f06010b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/design_ic_visibility_off = 0x7f0800a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/displayOptions = 0x7f040176
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_888pxv = 0x7f070a9e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/SnackbarLayout = 0x7f140091
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_820pxv = 0x7f0709c7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_543sp = 0x7f07062c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f13008c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_143sp = 0x7f0700f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/buttonIconTintMode = 0x7f04008b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_613pxh = 0x7f070714
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/text3 = 0x7f090256
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialCalendarHeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f0402e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_818sp = 0x7f0709bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral100 = 0x7f0601ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/ci_gravity = 0x7f0400d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineMedium = 0x7f1301d0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_558sp = 0x7f07065c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_772pxh = 0x7f070924
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark = 0x7f080093
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/SHIFT = 0x7f090009
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_error = 0x7f06024c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_171pxv = 0x7f070154
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/counterOverflowTextColor = 0x7f040155
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ActionMenuView = 0x7f140003
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutMediumSize = 0x7f0400ff
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_icon_size = 0x7f070bde
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_120pxh = 0x7f0700ab
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_82pxh = 0x7f0709e4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short4 = 0x7f0a0031
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionModeShareDrawable = 0x7f04001d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/closeItemLayout = 0x7f0400f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/ci_drawable_unselected = 0x7f0400d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/ci_animator_reverse = 0x7f0400d4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/material_label = 0x7f090163
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_354pxv = 0x7f0703b5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f140053
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_838sp = 0x7f070a01
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f130177
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorOnPrimaryContainer = 0x7f040112
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/material_motion_duration_long_2 = 0x7f0a0033
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/carousel_forwardTransition = 0x7f0400a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_156pxv = 0x7f070121
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_702pxh = 0x7f07083d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/targetPackage = 0x7f040467
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/badgeWithTextRadius = 0x7f040058
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemTextAppearance = 0x7f040264
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_581sp = 0x7f0706aa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/indicatorSize = 0x7f040239
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_113pxh = 0x7f070093
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f13037e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/contentPaddingRight = 0x7f040140
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_252sp = 0x7f070263
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionBarItemBackground = 0x7f040004
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/shapeAppearanceMediumComponent = 0x7f0403f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/selectableItemBackground = 0x7f0403e7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f13003c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/searchHintIcon = 0x7f0403e1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f0601da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f1300e3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_941pxv = 0x7f070ae8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/abc_search_view = 0x7f0c0019
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_343pxh = 0x7f070390
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_656sp = 0x7f0707a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Medium = 0x7f130346
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/showPaths = 0x7f040401
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/css = 0x7f0800a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/onHide = 0x7f040383
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/endIconTint = 0x7f0401a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle = 0x7f040082
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/abc_tooltip_enter = 0x7f01000a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_174pxv = 0x7f07015d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f130243
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chipIcon = 0x7f0400c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_handlesTintEnabled = 0x7f040353
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chipBackgroundColor = 0x7f0400bf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/checkedIconVisible = 0x7f0400bc
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/menu_to_back_rotation = 0x7f020015
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/customColorDrawableValue = 0x7f04015c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_6 = 0x7f090033
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/design_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f06005d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_715pxv = 0x7f070868
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/startIconDrawable = 0x7f040426
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary0 = 0x7f0600ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/civ_border_overlay = 0x7f0400e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/linear_indeterminate_line2_tail_interpolator = 0x7f010024
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_389pxv = 0x7f070427
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_819pxv = 0x7f0709c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary10 = 0x7f0600ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_efab_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f0600a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_270sp = 0x7f07029f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/hideMotionSpec = 0x7f040212
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_17 = 0x7f090020
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_action_transaction = 0x7f0800c3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f0601de
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/waveOffset = 0x7f040507
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/NavigationBarView = 0x7f14007c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_866sp = 0x7f070a5e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorOnSecondary = 0x7f040114
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/splitMinWidth = 0x7f040418
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_796pxv = 0x7f070973
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/popEnterAnim = 0x7f0403a9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_493pxv = 0x7f070583
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionTarget = 0x7f040347
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/buttonIcon = 0x7f040088
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarHintColor = 0x7f0602b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/material_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f120078
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1033pxv = 0x7f07002a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_helper_text_default_padding_top = 0x7f070cc2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material = 0x7f070b3c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/carouselPaddingTop = 0x7f0400a2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_variant = 0x7f060193
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/txtLetscreateyo = 0x7f090287
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_784sp = 0x7f07094d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_270pxh = 0x7f07029d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_3 = 0x7f09002e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/mt_menu = 0x7f09017f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/fragment_container_view_tag = 0x7f09010b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_157pxh = 0x7f070123
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_971pxv = 0x7f070b0f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_364sp = 0x7f0703d7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_88pxh = 0x7f070aa0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010012
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout.Secondary = 0x7f130100
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_2sp = 0x7f070302
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_480sp = 0x7f07055a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_474pxv = 0x7f070544
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/listDividerAlertDialog = 0x7f0402c5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/sliderStyle = 0x7f04040e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionBarWidgetTheme = 0x7f04000d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/avd_show_password = 0x7f080076
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/cardViewStyle = 0x7f04009b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintRight_toRightOf = 0x7f04029b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_medium_component = 0x7f070d6a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_icon_color = 0x7f0d0003
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/buttonTint = 0x7f040090
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1053pxv = 0x7f070044
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/navigationRailStyle = 0x7f040376
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_51pxv = 0x7f0705dd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf = 0x7f040283
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1301f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_margin = 0x7f070ba4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_639pxh = 0x7f070768
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/abc_popup_exit = 0x7f010004
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_chip_stroke_color = 0x7f060090
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_background = 0x7f060180
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_speechMode = 0x7f04036d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/commitIcon = 0x7f04012c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_action_cart = 0x7f0800b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_drag_handle_bottom_padding = 0x7f070bf4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/errorEnabled = 0x7f0401a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_slider_thumb_elevation = 0x7f070c73
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_elevation = 0x7f070c24
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_709sp = 0x7f070854
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionModeSplitBackground = 0x7f04001e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_858sp = 0x7f070a43
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_463pxv = 0x7f070520
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemHorizontalPadding = 0x7f04024f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/actions = 0x7f09004e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/m3_card_elevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_242sp = 0x7f070242
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_19pxv = 0x7f0701b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/labelVisibilityMode = 0x7f04026f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_seekbar_thumb_material = 0x7f08005d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_336pxh = 0x7f070378
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/dayStyle = 0x7f040169
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_220sp = 0x7f0701fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_748pxh = 0x7f0708d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/bottomNavigationStyle = 0x7f04006f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_682sp = 0x7f0707fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/thumbIconTint = 0x7f0404b1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_476sp = 0x7f07054b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chipGroupStyle = 0x7f0400c2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/behavior_hideable = 0x7f040063
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_640pxv = 0x7f07076f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_708sp = 0x7f070851
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/materialCalendarYearNavigationButton = 0x7f0402f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_524pxh = 0x7f0705eb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/carousel_emptyViewsBehavior = 0x7f0400a5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_168pxv = 0x7f070148
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_126pxh = 0x7f0700bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005 = 0x7f08005a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_514pxh = 0x7f0705ca
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_neutral40 = 0x7f0601d1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/autoSizeTextType = 0x7f040045
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked = 0x7f080106
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_dynamic_secondary70 = 0x7f0601fb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/defaultState = 0x7f04016e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_inversePrimary = 0x7f06024f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_114sp = 0x7f070098
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/ShapeableImageView = 0x7f14008d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/scaleFromTextSize = 0x7f0403da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/resend_otp = 0x7f0901f3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1015pxv = 0x7f070012
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_103pxh = 0x7f070031
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_error40 = 0x7f0600fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_491pxh = 0x7f07057c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_bottom = 0x7f070c5e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_743pxh = 0x7f0708c4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f01000e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_bottom_margin = 0x7f070cdb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/backgroundInsetTop = 0x7f04004d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_760pxv = 0x7f0708fe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_218pxv = 0x7f0701f0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/notification_action_color_filter = 0x7f0602a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/dragRight = 0x7f0900e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/isMaterial3Theme = 0x7f04023f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f1302af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/scrollView = 0x7f090208
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_medium = 0x7f070d5d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_button_background_color_selector = 0x7f060081
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f130013
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_445sp = 0x7f0704e5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/Insets = 0x7f140047
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_switch_thumb_tint = 0x7f060292
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_261pxh = 0x7f07027f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f130175
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chipMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f0400c9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f13010c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/nav_default_exit_anim = 0x7f010029
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/passwordToggleEnabled = 0x7f040398
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/autoPlay = 0x7f04003f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/autoCompleteTextViewStyle = 0x7f04003e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_bottom = 0x7f070cbe
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.ExtraSmall = 0x7f130345
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/arrowHeadLength = 0x7f04003a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents = 0x7f130294
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_166pxh = 0x7f070141
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TonalButton = 0x7f13026c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f130254
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/startIconTintMode = 0x7f040428
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/ci_animator = 0x7f0400d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Colored = 0x7f1303b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/altSrc = 0x7f040031
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_136sp = 0x7f0700e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_586pxh = 0x7f0706b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/motionEffect_translationX = 0x7f04033f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemShapeAppearance = 0x7f04025a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mt_textColor = 0x7f04036e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_211pxv = 0x7f0701db
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_566sp = 0x7f070677
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f130348
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_185pxh = 0x7f070180
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_681pxh = 0x7f0707f5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_117pxv = 0x7f0700a0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/julia = 0x7f0800e8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/captionTextSize = 0x7f040093
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_123pxh = 0x7f0700b4
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_863pxh = 0x7f070a53
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_147pxh = 0x7f070102
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorSurfaceVariant = 0x7f040128
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/elastic = 0x7f0900f2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_751pxv = 0x7f0708e0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/shapeAppearance = 0x7f0403ec
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f070c82
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/cardview_shadow_end_color = 0x7f060038
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f130008
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0c006f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/notification_background = 0x7f0901b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/useMaterialThemeColors = 0x7f0404fa
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/parent_matrix = 0x7f0901ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_205pxv = 0x7f0701c6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionModeFindDrawable = 0x7f040019
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/chipEndPadding = 0x7f0400c1
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f0600cb
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_528pxv = 0x7f0705f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/order_success = 0x7f0901bd
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf = 0x7f04028a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f130085
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/ripple_material_light = 0x7f0602b0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f070c90
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/coordinatorLayoutStyle = 0x7f040146
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/accessibility_custom_action_22 = 0x7f090026
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_light = 0x7f060042
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/onPositiveCross = 0x7f040385
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Button = 0x7f130414
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/image_view = 0x7f09012d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_269pxh = 0x7f070297
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:string/path_password_eye_mask_strike_through = 0x7f1200ce
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/ttcIndex = 0x7f0404f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary30 = 0x7f06013e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/TOP_END = 0x7f090013
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_251sp = 0x7f070260
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Primary = 0x7f13035e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_tertiary = 0x7f06015f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/circularflow_radiusInDP = 0x7f0400e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/mtrl_calendar_selected_range = 0x7f060272
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_770sp = 0x7f070920
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_light_error_container = 0x7f060198
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_textfield_indicator_text_color = 0x7f0601b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:styleable/KeyCycle = 0x7f140049
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/abc_switch_thumb_material = 0x7f080064
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_509sp = 0x7f0705ba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/mtrl_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f020016
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/purple_500 = 0x7f0602ac
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/alwaysExpand = 0x7f040032
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_93pxv = 0x7f070ae5
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f1300f6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/SharedValue = 0x7f040000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:xml/image_share_filepaths = 0x7f150000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f010011
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_108pxv = 0x7f070073
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_default = 0x7f06003e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/mtrl_switch_track = 0x7f080123
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_267sp = 0x7f070293
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/ic_keyboard_black_24dp = 0x7f0800cf
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_optimizationLevel = 0x7f0402b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_1006pxv = 0x7f070006
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_grey_900 = 0x7f060213
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f02001d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/contentPaddingStart = 0x7f040141
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_error = 0x7f060157
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_180sp = 0x7f070173
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_span = 0x7f0a0040
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_primary = 0x7f06018e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f13002c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f02001c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f13031b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_expand_motion_spec = 0x7f02001b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/activity_forget_password = 0x7f0c0020
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary70 = 0x7f0600da
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/nav_host_fragment_container = 0x7f09019f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_icon_padding_left = 0x7f070c10
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/lastItemDecorated = 0x7f040271
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f130197
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/cornerFamilyBottomLeft = 0x7f040148
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_275sp = 0x7f0702ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_on_background_emphasis_medium = 0x7f06021a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_907pxv = 0x7f070aba
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/menu_to_back_morph = 0x7f020014
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorControlHighlight = 0x7f040108
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.ExtraLarge = 0x7f13014a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_444sp = 0x7f0704e2
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused = 0x7f060040
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:layout/mtrl_calendar_month = 0x7f0c0069
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/goIcon = 0x7f040206
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_718pxh = 0x7f070870
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/m3_elevated_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f020010
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/mock_label = 0x7f040318
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f130058
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/colorSecondaryContainer = 0x7f040124
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_193sp = 0x7f07019d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_900pxv = 0x7f070ab3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemBackground = 0x7f04024d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/notification_icon_background = 0x7f080132
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_755sp = 0x7f0708ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/fragment_fade_enter = 0x7f020007
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/centerIfNoTextEnabled = 0x7f0400ae
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionModeCloseDrawable = 0x7f040016
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/carousel_touchUp_velocityThreshold = 0x7f0400ad
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Filter = 0x7f13033b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_803pxh = 0x7f07098d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/design_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020004
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/actionOverflowButtonStyle = 0x7f040022
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_215pxh = 0x7f0701e6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_707pxh = 0x7f07084c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/minHeight = 0x7f040312
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/imageAspectRatioAdjust = 0x7f04022a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_868sp = 0x7f070a64
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_dark_secondaryContainer = 0x7f060244
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_718pxv = 0x7f070871
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_sys_shape_corner_small_family = 0x7f0d004c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/keyboardIcon = 0x7f04026a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/material_grey_600 = 0x7f060210
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_803pxv = 0x7f07098e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:drawable/backend = 0x7f080078
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/flow_lastVerticalStyle = 0x7f0401ed
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/itemVerticalPadding = 0x7f040268
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/primary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f0602a8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_422sp = 0x7f07049a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/CardView.Light = 0x7f130111
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/fade_out = 0x7f01001e
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationRailView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f130388
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral70 = 0x7f0600c0
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_671sp = 0x7f0707d6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_calendar_item_disabled_text = 0x7f060086
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/cardUseCompatPadding = 0x7f04009a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:id/autoComplete = 0x7f090067
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/behavior_peekHeight = 0x7f040065
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle1 = 0x7f04048c
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/abc_fade_in = 0x7f010000
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/md_theme_light_background = 0x7f06024b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f13008b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_73pxh = 0x7f0708b8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/placeholderActivityName = 0x7f0403a3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_277pxv = 0x7f0702b3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_772pxv = 0x7f070925
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/alertDialogTheme = 0x7f04002d
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_assist_chip_icon_tint_color = 0x7f06007f
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0d0034
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/searchBarDividerColor = 0x7f0602b6
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:integer/mtb_to_btm_from = 0x7f0a003a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary10 = 0x7f0600d3
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/m3_small_fab_size = 0x7f070c75
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:animator/back_to_menu_rotation = 0x7f020001
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:anim/design_snackbar_in = 0x7f01001a
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1302e9
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_967pxv = 0x7f070b08
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:color/m3_ref_palette_black = 0x7f0600b7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_minor = 0x7f070b5b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_737pxh = 0x7f0708af
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/collapseIcon = 0x7f0400f8
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_790pxh = 0x7f070960
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/pathMotionArc = 0x7f04039b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:dimen/_427pxh = 0x7f0704a7
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.SmallComponent = 0x7f13015b
android.example.hoysalaelectronics:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf = 0x7f040284
